[cluster 0]

	topic: what data do we collect?

		clause found: "You can choose to share additional information with us like your email address, phone number, address book contacts, and a public profile."
		relevance: 2.656048

		clause found: "If you do choose to create an account, you must provide us with some personal data so that we can provide our services to you."
		relevance: 2.78631

		clause found: "We use your contact information, such as your email address or phone number, to authenticate your account and keep it - and our services - secure, and to help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse."
		relevance: 2.812532

[cluster 1]

	topic: How do we collect your data?

		clause found: "We share or disclose your personal data with your consent or at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business."
		relevance: 2.522039

		clause found: "When your browser or device allows it, we use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our services, to monitor aggregate usage patterns, and to personalize and otherwise operate our services such as by providing account security, personalizing the content we show you including ads, and remembering your language preferences."
		relevance: 2.527021

		clause found: "Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services."
		relevance: 2.529933

[cluster 2]

	topic: How will we use your data?

		clause found: "We share your payment information with payment services providers to process payments; prevent, detect, and investigate fraud or other prohibited activities; facilitate dispute resolution such as chargebacks or refunds; and for other purposes associated with the acceptance of credit and debit cards.."
		relevance: 2.105424

		clause found: "  Basic Account Information Public Information Contact Information and Address Books Direct Messages and Non-Public Communications Payment Information How You Control the Information You Share With Us."
		relevance: 2.392353

		clause found: "We use your payment information to process transactions you’ve approved and for fraud detection.."
		relevance: 2.424909

[cluster 3]

	topic: How do we store your data?

		clause found: "When you communicate with others by sending or receiving Direct Messages, we will store and process your communications and information related to them."
		relevance: 3.06956

		clause found: "We do not associate this web browsing history with your name, email address, phone number, or username, and we delete, obfuscate, or aggregate it after no longer than 30 days."
		relevance: 3.085598

		clause found: "Keep in mind that search engines and other third parties may still retain copies of your public information, like your profile information and public Tweets, even after you have deleted the information from our services or deactivated your account."
		relevance: 3.135288

[cluster 4]

	topic: Marketing

		clause found: "We receive certain information when you use our services or other websites or mobile applications that include our content, and from third parties including advertisers."
		relevance: 2.54809

		clause found: "To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact Us section of our Privacy Policy (Additional Information or Assistance)."
		relevance: 2.677991

		clause found: "Subject to your settings, we also use contact information to enable certain account features (for example, for login verification), to send you information about our services, and to personalize our services, including ads."
		relevance: 2.683969

[cluster 5]

	topic: What are your data protection rights?

		clause found: "Accessing or Rectifying Your Personal Data Deletion Object, Restrict, or Withdraw Consent Portability Additional Information or Assistance."
		relevance: 2.550465

		clause found: "We give you control through your settings to limit the data we collect from you and how we use it, and to control things like account security, marketing preferences, apps that can access your account, and address book contacts you’ve uploaded to Twitter."
		relevance: 2.745904

		clause found: "Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy or controls we may otherwise offer to you, we may preserve, use, share, or disclose your personal data or other safety data if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to protect the safety of any person; to protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services, or to explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services8; to address fraud, security, or technical issues; or to protect our rights or property or the rights or property of those who use our services."
		relevance: 2.844148

[cluster 6]

	topic: What are cookies?

		clause found: "Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services."
		relevance: 2.355079

		clause found: "You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies here.."
		relevance: 2.482581

		clause found: "When your browser or device allows it, we use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our services, to monitor aggregate usage patterns, and to personalize and otherwise operate our services such as by providing account security, personalizing the content we show you including ads, and remembering your language preferences."
		relevance: 2.499647

[cluster 7]

	topic: How do we use cookies?

		clause found: "Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services."
		relevance: 2.144111

		clause found: "When your browser or device allows it, we use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our services, to monitor aggregate usage patterns, and to personalize and otherwise operate our services such as by providing account security, personalizing the content we show you including ads, and remembering your language preferences."
		relevance: 2.213178

		clause found: "You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies here.."
		relevance: 2.400543

[cluster 8]

	topic: What types of cookies do we use?

		clause found: "When your browser or device allows it, we use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our services, to monitor aggregate usage patterns, and to personalize and otherwise operate our services such as by providing account security, personalizing the content we show you including ads, and remembering your language preferences."
		relevance: 1.887571

		clause found: "Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services."
		relevance: 2.296753

		clause found: "Our ad partners and affiliates share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, mobile device IDs, hashed email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app."
		relevance: 2.366401

[cluster 9]

	topic: How to manage your cookies

		clause found: "Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, many browsers’ settings can be set to decline cookies or alert you when a website is attempting to place a cookie on your computer7."
		relevance: 2.026386

		clause found: "However, some of our services may not function properly if you disable cookies."
		relevance: 2.259815

		clause found: "When your browser or device allows it, we use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our services, to monitor aggregate usage patterns, and to personalize and otherwise operate our services such as by providing account security, personalizing the content we show you including ads, and remembering your language preferences."
		relevance: 2.976343

[cluster 10]

	topic: Privacy policies of other websites

		clause found: "We may share your private personal data with such service providers subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions (service providers may use other non-personal data for their own benefit)."
		relevance: 2.602656

		clause found: "When you view our content on third-party websites."
		relevance: 2.793235

		clause found: "To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact Us section of our Privacy Policy (Additional Information or Assistance)."
		relevance: 2.841461

[cluster 11]

	topic: Changes to our privacy policy

		clause found: "  We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time."
		relevance: 2.25215

		clause found: "  Changes to This Privacy Policy."
		relevance: 2.326381

		clause found: "By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree9 to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.."
		relevance: 2.858846

[cluster 12]

	topic: How to contact us

		clause found: "If you have questions about this policy, how we collect or process your personal data, or anything else related to our privacy practices, we want to hear from you."
		relevance: 1.646847

		clause found: "Thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy? Please let us know by contacting us here or writing to us at the appropriate address below.."
		relevance: 2.249054

		clause found: "To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact Us section of our Privacy Policy (Additional Information or Assistance)."
		relevance: 2.278588

[cluster 13]

	topic: How to contact the appropriate authorities

		clause found: "If you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission."
		relevance: 2.877345

		clause found: "If you have a Privacy Shield-related complaint, please contact us here."
		relevance: 2.9781

		clause found: "To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact Us section of our Privacy Policy (Additional Information or Assistance)."
		relevance: 2.979387

[END OF REPORT]
