The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.