cluster 0:
	word 1 "delete":
		1: "We store data until it is no longer necessary to provide our services and our application Products or until your account is deleted whichever comes first."
		2: "For example, when you search for something on our application, you can access and delete that query from within your search history at any time, but the log of that search is deleted after six months."
		3: " If you submit a copy of your government issued ID for account verification purposes, we delete that copy 30 days after review, unless otherwise stated."
		4: "When you delete your account, we delete things that you have posted, such as your photos and status updates, and you won't be able to recover this information later."
		5: "Snaps and Chats sent in our product will be automatically deleted by default from our servers after we detect they ve been opened by all recipients or have expired."
	word 2 "You":
		1: "You can also delete some information in the app, like photos you ve saved to Memories, Our Story submissions, and search history."
		2: "You can opt out in the Marketing Communications section of the Account section of our website."
		3: "You may also request that we delete personal information that we hold about you."
		4: "You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time."
		5: "You can link or unlink your account from other services like Facebook, Google or Twitter ."
	word 3 "withdraw":
		1: "You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time."
		2: "You will always have the option to change your mind and withdraw your consent at any time."
		3: "At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings."
		4: "You can withdraw your consent at any time and free of charge."
		5: "You can also say no to us using your data for direct marketing and in certain other legitimate interest circumstances, withdraw any consent you ve given us and ask a member of staff to review a computer made decision."
	word 4 "longer":
		1: "We store data until it is no longer necessary to provide our services and our application Products or until your account is deleted whichever comes first."
		2: "Responses to such surveys are collected on the basis of consent and will be deleted once no longer necessary for the purposes collected."
		3: "If you no longer want to receive certain communications from us via email or text message, simply access the "Communications Settings" option in the "Account" section of our website and uncheck those items to unsubscribe."
		4: "If you subsequently decide you no longer wish to receive these notifications, you can use your mobile device's settings functionality to turn them off."
		5: "If you agree to receive those notifications and subsequently decide you no longer wish to receive these notifications, you can use your browser s settings to turn them off."
	word 5 "We":
		1: "We store data until it is no longer necessary to provide our services and our application Products or until your account is deleted whichever comes first."
		2: "We store your basic account information like your name, phone number, and email address and list of friends until you ask us to delete them."
		3: "We ll also delete most of the information we ve collected about you after you have been inactive for a while."
		4: "We also enable users to request access to or copies of their data, changes or updates to their accounts, deletion of their accounts, or that we restrict its processing of user personal data."
		5: "We take reasonable measures to destroy or de identify personal information in a secure manner when it is no longer required."

cluster 1:
	word 1 "consent":
		1: "In some cases we ll ask for consent to use your information for specific purposes."
		2: "Even if we re not relying on consent to use your information, we may ask you for permission to access data like contacts and location."
		3: "We do so in order to fulfill our agreements with users, such as our Terms of Use, or based on users prior consent, adequacy decisions for the relevant countries, or other transfer mechanisms as may be available under applicable law, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses."
		4: "Although we may send users communications about our partners products and services, we do not sell users personal data to, or share it with, such partners or others for purposes of their own direct marketing or advertising, except with users consent."
		5: "We may collect and use personal data based on the user s consent."
	word 2 "parent":
		1: "While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the service, they may do so only with the involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent or legal guardian."
		2: "If you're under 18, you may use our Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian."
		3: "And if we need your parent or guardian's permission we'll give you clear details about what's needed at the time."
		4: "Sometimes we'll ask to get your parent or guardian's consent."
		5: "Sometimes we'll be asking for your parent or guardian to do that."
	word 3 "permission":
		1: "Even if we re not relying on consent to use your information, we may ask you for permission to access data like contacts and location."
		2: "Android devices notify users of the permissions that the app seeks before their first use of the app, and use of the app constitutes a grant of such permission."
		3: "Please note that we will only access your camera or photos from your device if you give us permission to do so, and we will only access images that you specifically choose to share with us and metadata related to those images, such as the type of file and the size of the image."
		4: "With respect to certain third parties which may request or require that we share your information with them, your permission will be requested before we provide your information to such third parties."
		5: "Sometimes we might ask your permission to do things, like when you subscribe to an email."
	word 4 "guardian":
		1: "While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the service, they may do so only with the involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent or legal guardian."
		2: "You consent to and direct us to disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative, such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you."
		3: "If you're under 18, you may use our Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian."
		4: "And if we need your parent or guardian's permission we'll give you clear details about what's needed at the time."
		5: "Sometimes we'll ask to get your parent or guardian's consent."
	word 5 "ll":
		1: "In some cases we ll ask for consent to use your information for specific purposes."
		2: "We do so in order to fulfill our agreements with users, such as our Terms of Use, or based on users prior consent, adequacy decisions for the relevant countries, or other transfer mechanisms as may be available under applicable law, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses."
		3: "Although we may send users communications about our partners products and services, we do not sell users personal data to, or share it with, such partners or others for purposes of their own direct marketing or advertising, except with users consent."
		4: "We may collect and use personal data based on the user s consent."
		5: "withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent, ."

cluster 2:
	word 1 "device":
		1: "As described below, we collect information from and about the computers, phones, connected TVs and other web connected devices you use that integrate with our Products, and we combine this information across different devices that you use."
		2: "These partners provide information about your activities off our application including information about your device, websites you visit, purchases you make, the ads you see and how you use their services ."
		3: "Location related information can be based on things such as precise device location if you've allowed us to collect it , IP addresses and information from your and others' use of our Products such as check ins or events you attend ."
		4: "We collect information from and about the devices you use."
		5: "For example, we collect information about your hardware and software, such as the hardware model, operating system version, device memory, advertising identifiers, unique application identifiers, apps installed, unique device identifiers, browser type, language, battery level, and time zone,."
	word 2 "location":
		1: "Location related information can be based on things such as precise device location if you've allowed us to collect it , IP addresses and information from your and others' use of our Products such as check ins or events you attend ."
		2: "When you use our services we may collect information about your location."
		3: "With your permission, we may also collect information about your precise location using methods that include GPS, wireless networks, cell towers, Wi Fi access points, and other sensors, such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and compasses."
		4: "We use your information to contextualize your experience by, among other things, tagging your Memories content using your precise location information if, of course, you ve given us permission to collect that information and applying other labels based on the content."
		5: "We store location information for different lengths of time based on how precise it is and which services you use."
	word 3 "mobile":
		1: "For example, we collect information about your wireless and mobile network connections, such as mobile phone number, service provider, IP address, and signal strength."
		2: "We collect location data driver and delivery person when our app is running in the foreground app open and on screen or background app open but not on screen of their mobile device."
		3: "We collect precise or approximate location data from riders and delivery recipients mobile devices if they enable us to do so."
		4: "We collect precise or approximate location data from the time a ride or delivery is requested until it is finished, and any time the app is running in the foreground of their mobile device."
		5: "We may collect data about the devices used to access our services, including the hardware models, device IP address, operating systems and versions, software, preferred languages, unique device identifiers, advertising identifiers, serial numbers, device motion data, and mobile network data."
	word 4 "IP":
		1: "Location related information can be based on things such as precise device location if you've allowed us to collect it , IP addresses and information from your and others' use of our Products such as check ins or events you attend ."
		2: "For example, we collect information about your wireless and mobile network connections, such as mobile phone number, service provider, IP address, and signal strength."
		3: "We also collect log information when you use our website, such as details about how you ve used our services, device information, such as your web browser type and language, access times, pages viewed, IP address, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser, and pages you visited before or after navigating to our website."
		4: "We may collect data about the devices used to access our services, including the hardware models, device IP address, operating systems and versions, software, preferred languages, unique device identifiers, advertising identifiers, serial numbers, device motion data, and mobile network data."
		5: "We collect information about device and software characteristics such as type and configuration , connection information including type wifi, cellular , statistics on page views, referring source for example, referral URLs , IP address which may tell us your general location , browser and standard web server log information."
	word 5 "devices":
		1: "As described below, we collect information from and about the computers, phones, connected TVs and other web connected devices you use that integrate with our Products, and we combine this information across different devices that you use."
		2: "We collect information from and about the devices you use."
		3: "We may also collect the personal data of those who start but do not complete applications to be drivers or delivery persons, those who rent bicycles, scooters, or other light electrical devices offered by other companies through an Uber app, or in connection with our mapping technology and features."
		4: "We collect precise or approximate location data from riders and delivery recipients mobile devices if they enable us to do so."
		5: "We may collect data about the devices used to access our services, including the hardware models, device IP address, operating systems and versions, software, preferred languages, unique device identifiers, advertising identifiers, serial numbers, device motion data, and mobile network data."

cluster 3:
	word 1 "email":
		1: "We use your information to send you communications, including by email."
		2: "For example, we may use email to respond to support inquiries or to share information about our products, services, and promotional offers that we think may interest you."
		3: "For example, we have notified some users by email of ballot measures or pending legislation relating to the availability of our services in those users areas."
		4: "We collect information about your interactions with our emails and texts, and with our messages through push and online messaging channels."
		5: "These communications may be by various methods, such as email, push notifications, text message, online messaging channels, and matched identifier communications described below ."
	word 2 "messages":
		1: "We collect information about your interactions with our emails and texts, and with our messages through push and online messaging channels."
		2: "Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from service related correspondence from us, such as messages relating to your account transactions."
		3: "We use your information to review your messages on our product to detect activity that poses a risk to the safety of you, our community and/or members of the public."
		4: "If you opt out of receiving marketing messages from us, we may still send you updates about your account, such as when someone comments on one of your contents."
		5: "We also use automatic scanning technology on messages to support and protect our site."
	word 3 "send":
		1: "Similarly, when you use Messenger or our application to communicate with people or businesses, those people and businesses can see the content you send."
		2: "For example, we process information from WhatsApp about accounts sending spam on its service so we can take appropriate action against those accounts on our application, our application or Messenger."
		3: "We use your information to send you communications, including by email."
		4: "For example, we enable drivers and riders, and restaurants or delivery persons and delivery recipients, to call, text, or send other files to each other generally without disclosing their telephone numbers to each other ."
		5: "This includes sending users communications about our services, features, promotions, sweepstakes, studies, surveys, news, updates, and events."
	word 4 "data":
		1: "We may use the data we collect to generate and provide users with receipts, inform them of changes to our terms, services, or policies, or send other communications that aren t for the purpose of marketing the services or products of us or our partners."
		2: "Furthermore, to send you information by post about our products, services and promotions we process your data."
		3: "Given the volumes of customers and orders we deal with, we use automated systems including a third party fraud detection provider called Ravelin, which analyses your order data in order to make automated decisions as to whether or not we will accept an order."
		4: "If you d like a copy of the relevant data protection clauses, please get in touch via our chat or send an email us."
		5: "Examples include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analysing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links, including paid listings and links, processing payments, transmitting content, assessing and managing credit risk, and providing customer service."
	word 5 "personal":
		1: "We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to our Services via different channels, for example, by phone, email, chat."
		2: "If you choose to link your Advantage Card to our App we re then able to provide you with personalised offers and messages."
		3: "Where this happens, we place a notice in store or we may contact you in writing to tell you that your personal information is changing hands."

cluster 4:
	word 1 "services":
		1: "We work with third party partners who help us provide and improve our Products or who use our application Business Tools to grow their businesses, which makes it possible to operate our companies and provide free services to people around the world."
		2: "We provide information and content to vendors and service providers who support our business, such as by providing technical infrastructure services, analysing how our Products are used, providing customer service, facilitating payments or conducting surveys."
		3: "For more information about information collected by third parties on our services, visit our Support Site."
		4: "Our services may contain third party content and integrations."
		5: "We may also transfer data to countries other than the one where our users live or use our services."
	word 2 "personal":
		1: "For example, we engage Service Providers to provide marketing, advertising, communications, security, infrastructure and IT services, to customize, personalize and optimize our service, to provide bank account or balance information, to process credit card transactions or other payment methods, to provide customer service, to analyze and enhance data including data about users' interactions with our service , and to process and administer consumer surveys."
		2: "For members, these suggestions are part of our service and may include customized and personalized viewing recommendations."
		3: "It's fundamental to what we do at our service and necessary in order to make our product and its features relevant and personalized to you."
		4: "So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill for example,, by watching a learning video , we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill."
		5: "For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history."
	word 3 "data":
		1: "We may also transfer data to countries other than the one where our users live or use our services."
		2: "For example, we engage Service Providers to provide marketing, advertising, communications, security, infrastructure and IT services, to customize, personalize and optimize our service, to provide bank account or balance information, to process credit card transactions or other payment methods, to provide customer service, to analyze and enhance data including data about users' interactions with our service , and to process and administer consumer surveys."
		3: "We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity."
		4: "We will use your data to recommend jobs or mentees, show you and others relevant professional contacts for example,, who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections ."
		5: "We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters."
	word 4 "products":
		1: "This helps us to improve and enhance the safety and security of our services, improve our ability to prevent the use of our services for illegal or improper purposes, develop new features and products, and facilitate insurance and finance solutions in connection with our services."
		2: "We may also send communications to our users about products and services offered by our partners."
		3: "These companies include those we've hired to provide customer service support, operate the technical infrastructure that we need to provideour service, assist in protecting and securing our systems and services, and help market our own products and services as well as partner products, services, events, and co branded promotions in which our product is involved."
		4: "For example, we will get contact information for Company Page administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products."
		5: "These third party service providers may, for example, provide you with Services, verify your identity, assist in processing transactions, send you advertisements for our products and services, or provide customer support."
	word 5 "information":
		1: "We provide information and content to vendors and service providers who support our business, such as by providing technical infrastructure services, analysing how our Products are used, providing customer service, facilitating payments or conducting surveys."
		2: "We also provide information and content to research partners and academics to conduct research that advances scholarship and innovation that supports our business or mission and enhances discovery and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well being."
		3: "For more information about information collected by third parties on our services, visit our Support Site."
		4: "For example, we engage Service Providers to provide marketing, advertising, communications, security, infrastructure and IT services, to customize, personalize and optimize our service, to provide bank account or balance information, to process credit card transactions or other payment methods, to provide customer service, to analyze and enhance data including data about users' interactions with our service , and to process and administer consumer surveys."
		5: "Our service may be provided through and/or utilize features such as voice controls operated by third party platforms, or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours."

cluster 5:
	word 1 "profile":
		1: "This includes your username, any information you share with a public audience, information in your public profile , and content you share on a Page, public account or any other public forum."
		2: "We may also ask you to provide us with some additional information that will be publicly visible on our services, such as a profile picture or Bitmoji avatar."
		3: "Please note that profiles are available to everyone who uses your account, so that anyone with access to your account can navigate to and use, edit or delete profiles."
		4: "Anyone can see the public boards and Pins you create and profile information you give us."
		5: "The following personal data will always be publicly available on our service your name and/or username, profile picture, who you follow and who follows you on our product, your recently played artists, and your public playlists."
	word 2 "content":
		1: "Information and content you provide."
		2: "For example, we log when you're using and have last used our Products, and what posts, videos and other content you view on our Products."
		3: "This includes your username, any information you share with a public audience, information in your public profile , and content you share on a Page, public account or any other public forum."
		4: "For example, when you share a post or send a message to specific friends or accounts, they can download, screenshot or reshare that content to others across or off our Products, in person or in virtual reality experiences."
		5: "People can also use our Products to create and share content about you with the audience they choose."
	word 3 "public":
		1: "For example, when you post on our application, you select the audience for the post, such as a group, all of your friends, the public or a customised list of people."
		2: "This includes your username, any information you share with a public audience, information in your public profile , and content you share on a Page, public account or any other public forum."
		3: "You, other people using our application, and we can provide access to or send public information to anyone on or off our Products, including in other of our Products, in search results or through tools and APIs."
		4: "We may also ask you to provide us with some additional information that will be publicly visible on our services, such as a profile picture or Bitmoji avatar."
		5: "We share your information with all product users, our business partners, and the general public Story submissions that are set to be viewable by Everyone and any content that you submit to an inherently public service, like Our Story and other crowd sourced services."
	word 4 "social":
		1: "Advertisers, app developers and publishers can send us information through our Business Tools that they use, including our social plugins such as the Like button , Login, our APIs and SDKs, or the pixel."
		2: "Questions or comments from users submitted through public forums such as our blogs and our social media pages may be viewable by the public, including any personal data included in the questions or comments submitted by a user."
		3: "We also obtain information from publicly available sources such as publicly available posts on social media platforms and information available through public databases associating IP addresses with internet service providers ISPs ."
		4: "You may also choose to disclose your information by social plugins and similar technologies allow you to share information."
		5: "For example, subject to your settings, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a social action, used a feature, made new connections or were mentioned in the news."
	word 5 "friends":
		1: "For example, when you post on our application, you select the audience for the post, such as a group, all of your friends, the public or a customised list of people."
		2: "For example, when you share a post or send a message to specific friends or accounts, they can download, screenshot or reshare that content to others across or off our Products, in person or in virtual reality experiences."
		3: "For example, when you play a game with your our application friends or use a our application Comment or Share button on a website, the game developer or website can receive information about your activities in the game or receive a comment or link that you share from the website on our application."
		4: "Apps and websites that you use may receive your list of our application friends if you choose to share it with them."
		5: "For example, we may collect information about how you communicate with other product users, such as their names, the time and date of your communications, the number of messages you exchange with your friends, which friends you exchange messages with the most, and your interactions with messages such as when you open a message or capture a screenshot ."

cluster 6:
	word 1 "security":
		1: "We use the information that we have to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety and security on and off our Products."
		2: "This includes using personal data to maintain and enhance our users safety and security."
		3: "We also obtain information from security service providers who provide us with information to secure our systems, prevent fraud and help us protect the security of your accounts."
		4: "We use personal information to secure our systems, prevent fraud and help us protect the security of your accounts."
		5: "These measures are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risks of processing your personal information."
	word 2 "protect":
		1: "We also obtain information from security service providers who provide us with information to secure our systems, prevent fraud and help us protect the security of your accounts."
		2: "We use personal information to secure our systems, prevent fraud and help us protect the security of your accounts."
		3: "A privacy protective identifier means we convert the original information such as an email address or phone number into a value to keep the original information from being revealed."
		4: "We only share information if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request, to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Pinterest, or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues."
		5: "We are committed to protecting our users personal data."
	word 3 "secure":
		1: "We also obtain information from security service providers who provide us with information to secure our systems, prevent fraud and help us protect the security of your accounts."
		2: "We use personal information to secure our systems, prevent fraud and help us protect the security of your accounts."
		3: "However, please note that no system is ever completely secure."
		4: "We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy when it is transferred to third parties."
		5: "Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure."
	word 4 "safe":
		1: "We use the information that we have to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety and security on and off our Products."
		2: "Recordings are encrypted and stored on users devices, and are only shared with us if submitted to customer support by the users in connection with safety incidents."
		3: "We use your personal data for screening riders, drivers, and delivery persons before enabling their use of our services and at subsequent intervals, including through reviews of background checks, where permitted by law, to help prevent use of our services by unsafe drivers and/or riders."
		4: "This includes using personal data to maintain and enhance our users safety and security."
		5: "We use reasonable administrative, logical, physical and managerial measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and unauthorized access, use and modification."
	word 5 "unauthorised":
		1: "We have implemented various policies including pseudonymisation, encryption, access, and retention policies to guard against unauthorised access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems."
		2: "We take steps to protect your information from unauthorised access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage."
		3: "Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access."
		4: "We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Data against loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, and alteration."
		5: "Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorised access and loss of data."

cluster 7:
	word 1 "change":
		1: "Also, when you comment on someone else's post or react to their content, your comment or reaction is visible to anyone who can see the other person's content, and that person can change the audience later."
		2: "If the ownership or control of all or part of our Products or their assets changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner."
		3: "We'll notify you before we make changes to this Policy and give you the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products."
		4: "Information about these settings, how to set or change these settings, and the effect of turning off these settings is described below."
		5: "Your continued use of our service after any such updates take effect will constitute acknowledgement and as applicable acceptance of those changes."
	word 2 "update":
		1: "Settings menus in our app for riders give them the ability to set or update their location sharing preferences and their preferences for receiving mobile notifications from our app."
		2: "You can request access to your personal information, or correct or update out of date or inaccurate personal information we hold about you."
		3: "We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements."
		4: "Your continued use of our service after any such updates take effect will constitute acknowledgement and as applicable acceptance of those changes."
		5: " If you have an account and want to control how your offsite data is used to tailor your experience, you can visit your settings and update your Personalization preferences."
	word 3 "preferences":
		1: "If you would like to modify the information we and our advertising partners use to select these ads, you can do so in the app and through your device preferences."
		2: "Settings menus in our app for riders give them the ability to set or update their location sharing preferences and their preferences for receiving mobile notifications from our app."
		3: "For example, they help us to remember your preferences and prevent you from needing to re enter information you previously provided for example, during member sign up ."
		4: " If you have an account and want to control how your offsite data is used to tailor your experience, you can visit your settings and update your Personalization preferences."
		5: "You may change your communication preferences at any time."
	word 4 "settings":
		1: "Information about these settings, how to set or change these settings, and the effect of turning off these settings is described below."
		2: "To opt out of interest based ads from our product in connection with a resettable device identifier on a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media devices, please configure the appropriate setting on your device usually found under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's settings ."
		3: "You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings."
		4: "If you have an account, many of these controls are built directly into our product or your settings."
		5: "You can edit secret board settings."
	word 5 "You":
		1: "You can access and edit most of your basic account information right in our apps."
		2: "You can request access to your personal information, or correct or update out of date or inaccurate personal information we hold about you."
		3: "Your continued use of our service after any such updates take effect will constitute acknowledgement and as applicable acceptance of those changes."
		4: "You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings."
		5: " You can edit information in your profile at any time, decide whether your profile is available to search engines, or choose whether others can find your account using your email address."

cluster 8:
	word 1 "children":
		1: "We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 13 years or under the applicable age limit."
		2: "The Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16."
		3: "We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Data, from children or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Sites and Services."
		4: "Our websites and apps are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect children s data."
		5: "Our Europe Branch doesn't sell products for purchase by children."
	word 2 "won":
		1: "Information that others have shared about you isn't part of your account and won't be deleted."
		2: "For example, you won t be able to send Snaps or upload photos from your camera roll unless we can access your camera or photos."
		3: "This is a soft search and won t impact your credit score."
		4: "Companies that help us with marketing but we won t share identifiable personal data with third parties for their own direct marketing unless you give us permission, and you can opt out any time , software companies that we use for emailing you like Front, or for processing and storing email communications with you like Intercom."
		5: "We ll have access to your spreadsheet, but won t collect the information in it."
	word 3 "knowingly":
		1: "We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 13 years or under the applicable age limit."
		2: "We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Data, from children or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Sites and Services."
		3: "Our websites and apps are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect children s data."
		4: "Our products are for users age 13 and over and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13."
		5: "We do not knowingly collect personal data from users who are considered children under applicable national laws."
	word 4 "sell":
		1: "We don't sell any of your information to anyone and we never will."
		2: "Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers' personal information to others."
		3: "Our Europe Branch doesn't sell products for purchase by children."
		4: "We'll never sell your personal information."
		5: "The main rule is we will never sell your personal information to anyone."
	word 5 "don":
		1: "We don't sell any of your information to anyone and we never will."
		2: "We provide advertisers with reports about the kinds of people seeing their ads and how their ads are performing, but we don't share information that personally identifies you information such as your name or email address that by itself can be used to contact you or identifies who you are unless you give us permission."
		3: "We will still use your IP address, which is used to approximate your location, even if you don't choose to share your precise location."
		4: "You don t have to post or upload personal data, though if you don t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our services."
		5: "we don t store your full address book."

cluster 9:
	word 1 "Privacy":
		1: "This notice applies to all users of our apps, websites, features, or other services anywhere in the world, unless covered by a separate privacy notice, such as the Privacy Notice or Privacy Policy."
		2: "We protect this information according to the practices described in this Privacy Statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data."
		3: "Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect and use it."
		4: "In connection with any reorganization, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transfer of assets, we will transfer information, including personal information, provided that the receiving party agrees to respect your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Statement."
		5: "Whenever in the course of sharing information we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area and other regions with comprehensive data protection laws, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Statement and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection."
	word 2 "privacy":
		1: "As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our services."
		2: "This notice applies to all users of our apps, websites, features, or other services anywhere in the world, unless covered by a separate privacy notice, such as the Privacy Notice or Privacy Policy."
		3: "Please note that these third parties are responsible for their own privacy practices."
		4: "Social plugins and social applications are operated by the social networks themselves, and are subject to their terms of use and privacy policies."
		5: "These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy or data policies, privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully."
	word 3 "Shield":
		1: "Second, we use the EU approved Standard Contractual Clauses and where your personal data is transferred to third party providers based in the US, data may be transferred to them if they have self certified under the Privacy Shield framework in relation to the type of data being transferred, which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the EU and the US."
		2: "These might be the use of model contracts in a form approved by regulators, or having our suppliers sign up to an independent privacy scheme approved by regulators like the US Privacy Shield scheme."
		3: "We and certain of our controlled US affiliates participate in the EU US and Swiss US Privacy Shield Frameworks regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland."
		4: "We have certified with the Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles."
		5: "To learn more about the Privacy Shield Principles, visit our website."
	word 4 "Policy":
		1: "This notice applies to all users of our apps, websites, features, or other services anywhere in the world, unless covered by a separate privacy notice, such as the Privacy Notice or Privacy Policy."
		2: "This Privacy Policy applies to our homepage, our brand apps and other related sites, apps, communications and services, including off site services, such as our ad services and the Apply with us and Share with us plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy."
		3: "As a Visitor or Member of our services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates."
		4: "You acknowledge that your continued use of our services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date."
		5: "We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy."
	word 5 "Notice":
		1: "This notice applies to all users of our apps, websites, features, or other services anywhere in the world, unless covered by a separate privacy notice, such as the Privacy Notice or Privacy Policy."
		2: "For more information about how we use your data, if you use our community forum on our website, see our Community Forum Privacy Notice."
		3: "If you have our business account, see our Business Customer Privacy Notice."
		4: "To learn how our partners will use your information, please read Assurant s Privacy Notice which is phone insurance, Axa s Privacy Notice the travel insurance and LoungeKey s Privacy Notice which is airport lounge access."
		5: "If you sign up for our Plus or Premium service and start using Credit Tracker, please read the Credit Tracker Privacy Notice."

cluster 10:
	word 1 "cookies":
		1: "Like most online services and mobile applications, we may use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons, web storage, and unique advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity, browser, and device."
		2: "Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default."
		3: "Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our services."
		4: "We use your information we ve collected from cookies and other technology to enhance our services and your experience with them."
		5: "In some cases, we collect this data through cookies, pixels, tags, and similar tracking technologies that create and maintain unique identifiers."
	word 2 "technologies":
		1: "Like most online services and mobile applications, we may use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons, web storage, and unique advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity, browser, and device."
		2: "In some cases, we collect this data through cookies, pixels, tags, and similar tracking technologies that create and maintain unique identifiers."
		3: "We use cookies and similar technologies for authenticating users, remembering user preferences and settings, determining the popularity of content, delivering and measuring the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, analyzing site traffic and trends, and generally understanding the online behaviors and interests of people who interact with our services."
		4: "These entities may use cookies, web beacons, SDKs, and other technologies to identify the devices used by visitors to our websites, as well as when they visit other online sites and services."
		5: "We collect information about information collected via the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies, including ad data such as information on the availability and delivery of ads, the site URL, as well as the date and time ."
	word 3 "similar":
		1: "In some cases, we collect this data through cookies, pixels, tags, and similar tracking technologies that create and maintain unique identifiers."
		2: "We use cookies and similar technologies for authenticating users, remembering user preferences and settings, determining the popularity of content, delivering and measuring the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, analyzing site traffic and trends, and generally understanding the online behaviors and interests of people who interact with our services."
		3: "When we use cookies or other similar technologies, we use session cookies that last until you close your browser or persistent cookies that last until you or your browser delete them ."
		4: "We collect data through cookies and similar technologies."
		5: "As further described in our Cookie Policy, we use cookies and similar technologies for example,, pixels and ad tags to collect data for example,, device IDs to recognize you and your device s on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our services."
	word 4 "Cookies":
		1: "Cookies are small text files that are stored on browsers or devices by websites, apps, online media, and advertisements."
		2: "Cookies are small data files that are commonly stored on your device when you browse and use websites and online services."
		3: "Supplementary information can be found in the Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies and the Banking Regulations Notice."
		4: "Please consult our Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies for more information."
		5: "When you visit our Sites, use our Services, or visit a third party website for which we provide online services, we and our business partners and vendors may use cookies and other tracking technologies collectively, Cookies ."
	word 5 "cookie":
		1: "Like most online services and mobile applications, we may use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons, web storage, and unique advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity, browser, and device."
		2: "Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default."
		3: "Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our services."
		4: "We use your information we ve collected from cookies and other technology to enhance our services and your experience with them."
		5: "In some cases, we collect this data through cookies, pixels, tags, and similar tracking technologies that create and maintain unique identifiers."

cluster 11:
	word 1 "legal":
		1: "This is a case by case determination that depends on things such as the nature of the data, why it is collected and processed, and relevant legal or operational retention needs."
		2: "Information we receive about you including financial transaction data related to purchases made with our application can be accessed and preserved for an extended period when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation or investigations of possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm."
		3: "We use your information to enforce our Terms of Service and other usage policies and comply with legal requirements."
		4: "There may be legal requirements to store your data and we may need to suspend those deletion practices if we receive valid legal process asking us to preserve content, if we receive reports of abuse or other Terms of Service violations, or if your account or content created by you is flagged by our automated systems for abuse or other Terms of Service violations."
		5: "We may be required to use your personal information to comply with the law, like when we respond to valid legal process or need to take action to protect our users."
	word 2 "data":
		1: "We require each of these partners to have lawful rights to collect, use and share your data before providing us with any data."
		2: "The face recognition templates that we create are data with special protections under EU law."
		3: "We also impose strict restrictions on how our partners can use and disclose the data we provide."
		4: "This is a case by case determination that depends on things such as the nature of the data, why it is collected and processed, and relevant legal or operational retention needs."
		5: "Information we receive about you including financial transaction data related to purchases made with our application can be accessed and preserved for an extended period when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation or investigations of possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm."
	word 3 "personal":
		1: "Because your privacy is important to us, we will ask you to verify your identity or provide additional information before we let you access or update your personal information."
		2: "We may be required to use your personal information to comply with the law, like when we respond to valid legal process or need to take action to protect our users."
		3: "We use your personal data for comparing photographs that we have on file against photographs of other users to prevent identity borrowing, and from public databases to verify user identity."
		4: "We process personal data to the extent necessary for the interests of other people or the general public, such as in connection with legal or insurance claims, and to protect the rights and safety of others."
		5: "We process personal data to fulfill our legal obligations."
	word 4 "law":
		1: "We require each of these partners to have lawful rights to collect, use and share your data before providing us with any data."
		2: "The face recognition templates that we create are data with special protections under EU law."
		3: "Finally, we may also retain certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law."
		4: "We may be required to use your personal information to comply with the law, like when we respond to valid legal process or need to take action to protect our users."
		5: "For example, We are subject to laws and regulations in many cities and countries that require it to collect and retain data about our users trips and deliveries, and to provide copies of such data to the government or other authorities."
	word 5 "long":
		1: "We store other information for longer periods of time."
		2: "If location information is associated with a Snap like those saved to Memories or posted to Our Story we ll retain that location as long as we store the Snap."
		3: "Uber retains user data for as long as necessary for the purposes described above."
		4: "We keep your personal data only as long as necessary to provide you with our service and for legitimate and essential business purposes, such as maintaining the performance of our product, making data driven business decisions about new features and offerings, complying with our legal obligations, and resolving disputes."
		5: "We keep some of your personal data for as long as you are a user of our product."

cluster 12:
	word 1 "pharmacy":
		1: "To process data about childeren, our opticians and pharmacy process children s data for appointments and processing prescriptions."
		2: "If you ve previously had a prescription dispensed at our pharmacy, your record may contain your contact details from our pharmacy system."
		3: "These may be retrieved when we look up your details in another area of our store, but rest assured we re unable to access any pharmacy details beyond your contact details."
		4: "Your use of our pharmacy NHS services will remain unaffected."
		5: "We share information with NHS bodies to fulfil our legal obligations as a provider of pharmacy, optical and hearing care services, or where we have a duty of care to do so."
	word 2 "prescription":
		1: "Through pharmacies, opticians, hearing care and stores, we collect Personal data about yourself, such as name, address, age, gender, contact details purchases, appointment information, prescription, and audiological data."
		2: "To process data about childeren, our opticians and pharmacy process children s data for appointments and processing prescriptions."
		3: "We may use it to contact you about orders you ve placed or appointments you ve booked or to send you reminders for example, about repeat prescriptions ."
		4: "If you ve previously had a prescription dispensed at our pharmacy, your record may contain your contact details from our pharmacy system."
		5: "We will never use information about your Pharmacy prescriptions for marketing, although we may use it to let you know about services we provide that might be useful and relevant to you."
	word 3 "prescriptions":
		1: "To process data about childeren, our opticians and pharmacy process children s data for appointments and processing prescriptions."
		2: "We may use it to contact you about orders you ve placed or appointments you ve booked or to send you reminders for example, about repeat prescriptions ."
		3: "We will never use information about your Pharmacy prescriptions for marketing, although we may use it to let you know about services we provide that might be useful and relevant to you."
		4: "Electronic Prescription by using our NHS repeat prescription service, you are allowing your GP surgery to send your prescriptions electronically to our pharmacy."
		5: "If you choose to get your order delivered, our centralised our pharmacy will handle your electronic prescriptions."
	word 4 "NHS":
		1: "Your use of our pharmacy NHS services will remain unaffected."
		2: "If you re visiting a store for an eye test or other NHS clinical service, you should indicate your preference when asked."
		3: "We share information with NHS bodies to fulfil our legal obligations as a provider of pharmacy, optical and hearing care services, or where we have a duty of care to do so."
		4: "Where we provide NHS services in our pharmacies or our Opticians practices, we also have to comply with NHS Information Governance requirements."
		5: "Electronic Prescription by using our NHS repeat prescription service, you are allowing your GP surgery to send your prescriptions electronically to our pharmacy."
	word 5 "health":
		1: "We may also share information with public health authorities where required or permitted by law."
		2: "First, record any issues you want us to know about, like a gambling addiction or information about your health, so we understand how to best support you."
		3: "If someone books an appointment on your behalf we ll ask them for basic details about you, which may include health details such as whether you have a family history of diabetes or glaucoma."
		4: "As a healthcare provider, we re regulated by the General Pharmaceutical Council GPhC , General Optical Council GOC , Care Quality Commission CQC , Pharmaceutical Society of Northern Ireland and the Regulation Quality Improvement Authority in Northern Ireland."
		5: "The SCR is a copy of key information from your GP record, and it provides authorised health care professionals with faster, secure access to information about you when you need care."

cluster 13:
	word 1 "address":
		1: "We also collect contact information if you choose to upload, sync or import it from a device such as an address book or call log or SMS log history , which we use for things such as helping you and others find people you may know and for the other purposes listed below."
		2: "For example, most of our services require you to set up an account, so we need to collect a few important details about you, such as your name, username, password, email address, phone number, and date of birth."
		3: "This may include their name, email, phone number, login name and password, address, profile picture, payment or banking information including related payment verification information , driver s license and other government identification documents which may indicate document numbers as well as birth date, gender, and photo ."
		4: "We collect information you provide to us including your name, email address, address or postal code, payment method s , and telephone number."
		5: "We collect information about service activation information such as your email address or other contact information."
	word 2 "number":
		1: "This includes payment information, such as your credit or debit card number and other card information, other account and authentication information, and billing, delivery and contact details."
		2: "We can also make your experience more seamless, for example, by automatically filling in your registration information such as your phone number from one of our produces when you sign up for an account on a different Product."
		3: "For example, most of our services require you to set up an account, so we need to collect a few important details about you, such as your name, username, password, email address, phone number, and date of birth."
		4: "This may include their name, email, phone number, login name and password, address, profile picture, payment or banking information including related payment verification information , driver s license and other government identification documents which may indicate document numbers as well as birth date, gender, and photo ."
		5: "We collect information you provide to us including your name, email address, address or postal code, payment method s , and telephone number."
	word 3 "details":
		1: "This includes payment information, such as your credit or debit card number and other card information, other account and authentication information, and billing, delivery and contact details."
		2: "When you subscribe to receive premium content, or buy something from a seller in our Products, the content creator or seller can receive your public information and other information that you share with them, as well as the information needed to complete the transaction, including shipping and contact details."
		3: "For example, most of our services require you to set up an account, so we need to collect a few important details about you, such as your name, username, password, email address, phone number, and date of birth."
		4: "We collect transaction information related to the use of our services, including the type of services requested or provided, order details, delivery information, date and time the service was provided, amount charged, distance traveled, and payment method."
		5: "We collect information about details of your interactions with our customer service, such as the date, time and reason for contacting us, transcripts of any chat conversations, and if you call us, your phone number and call recordings."
	word 4 "email":
		1: "For example, most of our services require you to set up an account, so we need to collect a few important details about you, such as your name, username, password, email address, phone number, and date of birth."
		2: "This may include their name, email, phone number, login name and password, address, profile picture, payment or banking information including related payment verification information , driver s license and other government identification documents which may indicate document numbers as well as birth date, gender, and photo ."
		3: "We collect information you provide to us including your name, email address, address or postal code, payment method s , and telephone number."
		4: "We collect information about service activation information such as your email address or other contact information."
		5: "The third party compares the privacy protective identifier to identifiers in its database and there will be a match only if you have used the same identifier such as an email address with our product and the third party."
	word 5 "payment":
		1: "This includes payment information, such as your credit or debit card number and other card information, other account and authentication information, and billing, delivery and contact details."
		2: "This may include their name, email, phone number, login name and password, address, profile picture, payment or banking information including related payment verification information , driver s license and other government identification documents which may indicate document numbers as well as birth date, gender, and photo ."
		3: "We collect transaction information related to the use of our services, including the type of services requested or provided, order details, delivery information, date and time the service was provided, amount charged, distance traveled, and payment method."
		4: "We use your personal data to offer, process, or facilitate payments for our services."
		5: "In order to provide our services, we must collect and use certain personal data, including user profile data, which we use to establish and maintain user accounts, verify user identity, communicate with users about their trips, orders, and accounts, and enable users to make payments or receive earnings."

cluster 14:
	word 1 "collect":
		1: "We collect the content, communications and other information you provide when you use our Products, including when you sign up for an account, create or share content and message or communicate with others."
		2: "We collect information about how you use our Products, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, the people or accounts you interact with and the time, frequency and duration of your activities."
		3: "We also collect information about how you use features such as our camera."
		4: "When you interact with our services, we collect information that you provide to us."
		5: "When you contact customer support or communicate with us in any other way, we ll collect whatever information you volunteer or that we need to resolve your question."
	word 2 "We":
		1: "We collect the content, communications and other information you provide when you use our Products, including when you sign up for an account, create or share content and message or communicate with others."
		2: "We collect information about how you use our Products, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, the people or accounts you interact with and the time, frequency and duration of your activities."
		3: "We also collect information about how you use features such as our camera."
		4: "We also receive and analyse content, communications and information that other people provide when they use our Products."
		5: "We use the information we have to develop, test and improve our Products, including by conducting surveys and research, and testing and troubleshooting new products and features."
	word 3 "data":
		1: "For example, we use data that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our Terms or Policies, or to detect when someone needs help."
		2: "We collect content you create on our services, such as custom stickers, and information about the content you create or provide, such as if the recipient has viewed the content and the metadata that is provided with the content."
		3: "We operate, and process data, globally."
		4: "We collect data provided by users to our product, such as during account creation."
		5: "We collect data when users create or update their accounts."
	word 4 "improve":
		1: "We use the information we have to develop, test and improve our Products, including by conducting surveys and research, and testing and troubleshooting new products and features."
		2: "We use your information to develop, operate, improve, deliver, maintain, and protect our products and services."
		3: "we need to use your information to provide and improve our services, including protecting your account, delivering your Snaps, providing customer support, and helping you find friends and content we think you ll like."
		4: "We use this data to enhance your use of our apps, including to improve pick up locations, enable safety features, and prevent and detect fraud."
		5: "We may also use some data regarding the calls, texts, or other communications, including the date and time of the communications and the content of the communications for customer support services including to resolve disputes between users , for safety and security purposes, to improve our products and services, and for analytics."
	word 5 "services":
		1: "When you interact with our services, we collect information that you provide to us."
		2: "When you use our services, we collect information about which of those services you ve used and how you ve used them."
		3: "For example, we may collect information about how you interact with our services, such as which filters you view or apply to Snaps, which Stories you watch on Discover, whether you re using Spectacles, or which search queries you submit."
		4: "We collect content you create on our services, such as custom stickers, and information about the content you create or provide, such as if the recipient has viewed the content and the metadata that is provided with the content."
		5: "We collect information about your activity through our services."

cluster 15:
	word 1 "fraud":
		1: "When we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to detect, prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Products, breaches of our Terms or Policies, or other harmful or illegal activity, to protect ourselves including our rights, property or Products , you or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries, or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm."
		2: "For example, if relevant, we provide information to and receive information from third party partners about the reliability of your account to prevent fraud, abuse and other harmful activity on and off our Products."
		3: "We use your information to verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity."
		4: "We use your device, location, profile, usage, and other data to prevent, detect, and combat fraud or unsafe activities."
		5: "We use personal data to deactivate users who are identified as having engaged in fraud or activities that may otherwise harm our service, its users, and others."
	word 2 "credit":
		1: "Other services, such as commerce products, may require you to provide us with a debit or credit card number and its associated account information."
		2: "We may share information about you with credit agencies and data processors for credit reference checks and anti fraud and compliance purposes."
		3: "For example, if you use our Services to buy or sell goods using eBay Inc, or its affiliates, eBay , we may share Account Information with eBay in order to help protect your accounts from fraudulent activity, alert you if we detect such fraudulent activity on your accounts, or evaluate credit risk."
		4: "If you choose to apply for our Credit, in order to process your application, we will supply your personal information to credit reference agencies CRAs and they will give us information about you, such as about your financial history."
		5: "We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, manage your account, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity."
	word 3 "agencies":
		1: "We may share information about you with credit agencies and data processors for credit reference checks and anti fraud and compliance purposes."
		2: "Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies."
		3: "For more information on these Agencies, fraud prevention agencies and other third parties, click here."
		4: "If you choose to apply for our Credit, in order to process your application, we will supply your personal information to credit reference agencies CRAs and they will give us information about you, such as about your financial history."
		5: "When you sign up for our account, we search your record at credit reference agencies to verify your identity and check if we can offer you an overdraft and manage business risk."
	word 4 "prevent":
		1: "When we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to detect, prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Products, breaches of our Terms or Policies, or other harmful or illegal activity, to protect ourselves including our rights, property or Products , you or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries, or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm."
		2: "For example, if relevant, we provide information to and receive information from third party partners about the reliability of your account to prevent fraud, abuse and other harmful activity on and off our Products."
		3: "We use your information to verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity."
		4: "We use your device, location, profile, usage, and other data to prevent, detect, and combat fraud or unsafe activities."
		5: "We use personal information to prevent, detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including fraud, and to enforce our terms such as determining whether and for which signup offers you are eligible and determining whether a particular device is permitted to use the account consistent with our Terms of Use ."
	word 5 "prevention":
		1: "This includes exchanging information with other companies and other organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and prevention."
		2: "Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies."
		3: "For more information on these Agencies, fraud prevention agencies and other third parties, click here."
		4: "As part of our fraud prevention and risk management efforts, we also may share necessary Account Information with eBay in cases where we have placed a hold or other restriction on your account based on disputes, claims, chargebacks or other scenarios regarding the sale or purchase of goods."
		5: "Also, as part of our fraud prevention and risk management efforts, we may share Account Information with eBay to enable them to operate their programmes for evaluating buyers or sellers."

cluster 16:
	word 1 "share":
		1: "Learn how we share information with these partners."
		2: "Public information can also be seen, accessed, reshared or downloaded through third party services such as search engines, APIs and offline media such as TV, and by apps, websites and other services that integrate with our Products."
		3: "Also, when you download or use such third party services, they can access your public profile on our application, and any information that you share with them."
		4: "Here are the types of third parties that we share information with ."
		5: "We share information with law enforcement or in response to legal requests in the circumstances outlined below."
	word 2 "parties":
		1: "Partners receive your data when you visit or use their services, or through third parties that they work with."
		2: "Here are the types of third parties that we share information with ."
		3: "We may collect information about you from other users, our affiliates, and third parties."
		4: "Advertisers, app developers, publishers, and other third parties may share information with us as well."
		5: "We share your information with third parties."
	word 3 "We":
		1: "We also receive information about your online and offline actions and purchases from third party data providers who have the rights to provide us with your information."
		2: "We share information with law enforcement or in response to legal requests in the circumstances outlined below."
		3: "We also process information about you across the our application Companies for these purposes, as permitted by applicable law and in accordance with their Terms and Policies."
		4: "We share information globally, both internally within the our application Companies and externally with our partners and with those you connect and share with around the world in accordance with this Policy."
		5: "We may collect information about you from other users, our affiliates, and third parties."
	word 4 "providers":
		1: "We also receive information about your online and offline actions and purchases from third party data providers who have the rights to provide us with your information."
		2: "We share your information with third party companies, service providers or individuals that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy."
		3: "We share your information with third party service providers which provide services on our behalf."
		4: "The types of third party service providers whom we share your information with including Payment providers that includes online payment providers and fraud detection providers, IT service providers like cloud providers, Restaurant partners, Riders, Customer support partners and Marketing and advertising partners."
		5: "You may have the right to obtain your personal information in an accessible and transferable format so that you can re use it for your own purposes across different service providers."
	word 5 "information":
		1: "We also receive information about your online and offline actions and purchases from third party data providers who have the rights to provide us with your information."
		2: "Learn how we share information with these partners."
		3: "Public information can also be seen, accessed, reshared or downloaded through third party services such as search engines, APIs and offline media such as TV, and by apps, websites and other services that integrate with our Products."
		4: "Also, when you download or use such third party services, they can access your public profile on our application, and any information that you share with them."
		5: "Here are the types of third parties that we share information with ."

cluster 17:
	word 1 "information":
		1: "For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises to aid relief efforts."
		2: "See the Control Over Your Information section below for more information about Snap Inc."
		3: "This may include information such as driver history or criminal record where permitted by law , and right to work."
		4: "For example, if we determine by using such information that a driver is delaying a rider pickup in order to induce a cancellation, we will not charge the rider a cancellation fee and will adjust the amounts paid to the driver to omit such a fee."
		5: "In addition our legitimate interests where we have carried out balancing tests which can be informed on 'How we use your personal information' section, potential disputes and guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities."
	word 2 "personal":
		1: "In addition our legitimate interests where we have carried out balancing tests which can be informed on 'How we use your personal information' section, potential disputes and guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities."
	word 3 "data":
		1: "We also use usage data to prevent matching of riders and drivers for whom there is higher risk of conflict for instance, because they have been the subject of prior complaints from other users ."
		2: "Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country."
		3: "In addition our legitimate interests where we have carried out balancing tests which can be informed on 'How we use your personal information' section, potential disputes and guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities."
		4: "We re registered with the UK data protection authority, the Information Commissioner s Office or ICO, under number ZA108184."
		5: "EU data protection laws, like the GDPR, give us one month to respond."
	word 4 "services":
		1: "This also includes gender and/or occupation when required for certain services or programs, such as our Cash services or Women Rider Preferred ."
		2: "Children under the age of 16 using these services must be accompanied by an adult at all times."
		3: "Some are essential for us to provide the services you use or to fulfil our legal obligations."
		4: "With regard to our payment services for sellers in the EU, we additionally point out that our S."
		5: "Some of our services may have a higher age restriction and this will be shown at the point of registration."
	word 5 "We":
		1: "We use user ratings and feedback to encourage compliance with our Community Guidelines and as grounds for deactivating drivers and delivery persons with low ratings or who otherwise violated such guidelines in certain countries."
		2: "We also use usage data to prevent matching of riders and drivers for whom there is higher risk of conflict for instance, because they have been the subject of prior complaints from other users ."
		3: "We will provide notice of any such changes including when they will take effect in accordance with law."
		4: "We may also collect your date of birth to verify your age when you purchase age restricted items."
		5: "We do this as it's in our legitimate business interests."

cluster 18:
	word 1 "contact":
		1: "You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws."
		2: "You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints."
		3: "If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first contact us online."
		4: "If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more options."
		5: "Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may also have the right to contact our Data Protection Officer."
	word 2 "complaint":
		1: "We use data which can include your communications to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues such as bugs."
		2: "You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints."
		3: "If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first contact us online."
		4: "If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more options."
		5: "Also we want to enable our customer support team to help you with any enquiries or complaints in the most efficient way possible and to provide a positive customer experience and hope to contact you for your views and feedback on our services or our partners services and/or products and to notify you if there are any important changes or developments to the Sites or our services, including letting you know that our services are operating in a new area, where you have asked us to do so."
	word 3 "questions":
		1: "we use your information to respond to your questions or comments."
		2: "If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first contact us online."
		3: "Please contact us if you have questions about our privacy practices that are not addressed in this Privacy Statement."
		4: "Contact us if you do not have an Account or if you have questions about your Account information or other Personal Data."
		5: "You may contact us if you have general questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement and supplemental notices or the way in which we handle your Personal Data."
	word 4 "complaints":
		1: "We use data which can include your communications to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues such as bugs."
		2: "You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints."
		3: "If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first contact us online."
		4: "Also we want to enable our customer support team to help you with any enquiries or complaints in the most efficient way possible and to provide a positive customer experience and hope to contact you for your views and feedback on our services or our partners services and/or products and to notify you if there are any important changes or developments to the Sites or our services, including letting you know that our services are operating in a new area, where you have asked us to do so."
		5: "Furthermore, to exercise our rights under contracts we ve entered into with you, like managing, collecting and recovering money you owe us and investigate and resolve complaints and other issues."
	word 5 "object":
		1: "You have the right to object to our use of your information."
		2: "You can object to us processing your information."
		3: "You have the right, at any time, to object to us processing your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation."
		4: "You have the right to object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes,."
		5: "You have the right to object to receiving these types of communications, which you can do by responding to our emails to unsubscribe or by contacting us using the contact details in this privacy policy."

cluster 19:
	word 1 "ads":
		1: "For example, we use information collected about your use of our Products on your phone to better personalise the content including ads or features that you see when you use our Products on another device, such as your laptop or tablet, or to measure whether you took an action in response to an ad that we showed you on your phone on a different device."
		2: "We use location related information such as your current location, where you live, the places you like to go, and the businesses and people you're near to provide, personalise and improve our Products, including ads, for you and others."
		3: "We use the information we have about you including information about your interests, actions and connections to select and personalise ads, offers and other sponsored content that we show you."
		4: "Learn more about how we select and personalise ads, and your choices over the data we use to select ads and other sponsored content for you in the application settings."
		5: "We use the information we have including your activity off our Products, such as the websites you visit and ads you see to help advertisers and other partners measure the effectiveness and distribution of their ads and services, and understand the types of people who use their services and how people interact with their websites, apps and services."
	word 2 "advertising":
		1: "We use your information to provide and improve our advertising services, ad targeting, and ad measurement, including through the use of your precise location information again, if you ve given us permission to collect that information , both on and off our services."
		2: "s advertising practices and your choices."
		3: "If there is a match, we can then choose whether or not to send a given promotional communication to you on that third party site or app, and can optimize and better measure the effectiveness of online advertising."
		4: "We use these types of technologies to deliver and tailor our marketing or advertising, and to understand interactions with our emails, marketing, and online ads on third party sites."
		5: "These types of ads are called "interest based advertising."
	word 3 "show":
		1: "For example, we use information collected about your use of our Products on your phone to better personalise the content including ads or features that you see when you use our Products on another device, such as your laptop or tablet, or to measure whether you took an action in response to an ad that we showed you on your phone on a different device."
		2: "We use the information we have about you including information about your interests, actions and connections to select and personalise ads, offers and other sponsored content that we show you."
		3: "For example, we may use information collected on other websites to show you more relevant ads."
		4: "We use your information to personalize our services by, among other things, suggesting friends, profile information, or Bitmoji stickers, or customizing the content we show you, including ads."
		5: "We try to show you ads that we think will be relevant to your interests."
	word 4 "relevant":
		1: "For example, we may use information collected on other websites to show you more relevant ads."
		2: "We may share information about you with service providers who perform services on our behalf, including to measure and optimize the performance of ads and deliver more relevant ads, including on third party websites and apps."
		3: "We re constantly collecting and updating information about the things you might like and dislike, so we can provide you with more relevant content and advertisements."
		4: "We try to show you ads that we think will be relevant to your interests."
		5: "We may obtain certain data about you, such as cookie id, mobile device id, or email address, and inferences about your interests and preferences from certain advertisers and advertising partners that allow us to deliver more relevant ads and measure their effectiveness."
	word 5 "measure":
		1: "For example, we use information collected about your use of our Products on your phone to better personalise the content including ads or features that you see when you use our Products on another device, such as your laptop or tablet, or to measure whether you took an action in response to an ad that we showed you on your phone on a different device."
		2: "We use the information we have including your activity off our Products, such as the websites you visit and ads you see to help advertisers and other partners measure the effectiveness and distribution of their ads and services, and understand the types of people who use their services and how people interact with their websites, apps and services."
		3: "We may use this information, among other ways, to help target or measure the performance of ads."
		4: "We use your information to provide and improve our advertising services, ad targeting, and ad measurement, including through the use of your precise location information again, if you ve given us permission to collect that information , both on and off our services."
		5: "We may share information about you with service providers who perform services on our behalf, including to measure and optimize the performance of ads and deliver more relevant ads, including on third party websites and apps."

cluster 0:
	word 1 "advertising":
		1: "Quora may allow third parties to serve advertisements on the Service and on third party services and use other third parties to help us collect and analyze information about your use of the service, generate aggregate site usage statistics and provide content sharing services to support the Service.These third parties may also use cookies and similar technologies to collect similar non personal information about your use of the Service.Quora does not control the third parties' use of such technologies and their use is governed by those parties' privacy policies.For more information about third party ad networks that use these technologies, and to opt out of their collection of information, see http //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt out.asp and http //www.aboutads.info/consumers."
		2: "Personally Identifiable Information Quora may share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the purpose of providing the Service to you or with third parties offering combined services with Quora.For example, we may share your personally identifiable information with third party partners that display Quora questions and answers through their services so that such partners can tailor content and advertising to you.If we do this, such third parties' use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy.We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Quora for instance, on servers or databases co located with hosting providers ."
		3: "Quora may allow third party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Service and on third party services.These third party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on Quora.They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.They may also use other technologies such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content.Quora does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third party ad servers or ad networks without your consent.However, please note that if an advertiser asks Quora to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach.The Quora Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third party advertisers.Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers for more information."
		4: "  resettable device identifiers also known as advertising identifiers , such as those on mobile devices, tablets, and streaming media devices that include such identifiers see the "Cookies and Internet Advertising" section below for more information "
		5: " Service Providers We use other companies, agents or contractors "Service Providers" to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with the provision of services to you.For example, we engage Service Providers to provide marketing, advertising, communications, security, infrastructure and IT services, to customize, personalize and optimize our service, to provide bank account or balance information, to process credit card transactions or other payment methods, to provide customer service, to analyze and enhance data including data about users' interactions with our service , and to process and administer consumer surveys.In the course of providing such services, these Service Providers may have access to your personal or other information.We do not authorize them to use or disclose your personal information except in connection with providing their services which includes maintaining and improving their services ."
	word 2 "ads":
		1: "Quora may allow third parties to serve advertisements on the Service and on third party services and use other third parties to help us collect and analyze information about your use of the service, generate aggregate site usage statistics and provide content sharing services to support the Service.These third parties may also use cookies and similar technologies to collect similar non personal information about your use of the Service.Quora does not control the third parties' use of such technologies and their use is governed by those parties' privacy policies.For more information about third party ad networks that use these technologies, and to opt out of their collection of information, see http //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt out.asp and http //www.aboutads.info/consumers."
		2: "  information collected via the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies, including ad data such as information on the availability and delivery of ads, the site URL, as well as the date and time .See our "Cookies and Internet Advertising" section for more details."
		3: "Interest Based Ads.Interest based ads are online ads that are tailored to your likely interests based on your use of various apps and websites across the Internet.If you are using a browser, then cookies and web beacons can be used to collect information to help determine your likely interests.If you are using a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media device that includes a resettable device identifier, then that identifier can be used to help determine your likely interests.For your choices about interest based ads from Netflix, please see the "Cookies and Internet Advertising" section below ."
		4: "We use these types of technologies for various reasons, like making it easy to access our services by remembering you when you return to provide, analyze, understand and enhance the use of our services to enforce our terms, prevent fraud to improve site performance, monitor visitor traffic and actions on our site and to deliver and tailor our marketing or advertising, and to understand interactions with our emails, marketing, and online ads on third party sites."
		5: " Advertising cookies and resettable device identifiers These cookies and resettable device identifiers use information about your use of this and other websites and apps, your response to ads and emails, and to deliver ads that are more relevant to you and for analytics and optimization purposes.These types of ads are called "interest based advertising." The advertising cookies associated with our service belong to our Service Providers."
	word 3 "content":
		1: "Quora may allow third parties to serve advertisements on the Service and on third party services and use other third parties to help us collect and analyze information about your use of the service, generate aggregate site usage statistics and provide content sharing services to support the Service.These third parties may also use cookies and similar technologies to collect similar non personal information about your use of the Service.Quora does not control the third parties' use of such technologies and their use is governed by those parties' privacy policies.For more information about third party ad networks that use these technologies, and to opt out of their collection of information, see http //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt out.asp and http //www.aboutads.info/consumers."
		2: "Personally Identifiable Information Quora may share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the purpose of providing the Service to you or with third parties offering combined services with Quora.For example, we may share your personally identifiable information with third party partners that display Quora questions and answers through their services so that such partners can tailor content and advertising to you.If we do this, such third parties' use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy.We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Quora for instance, on servers or databases co located with hosting providers ."
		3: "Quora may allow third party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Service and on third party services.These third party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on Quora.They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.They may also use other technologies such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content.Quora does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third party ad servers or ad networks without your consent.However, please note that if an advertiser asks Quora to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach.The Quora Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third party advertisers.Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers for more information."
		4: "  IP addresses, device IDs or other unique identifiers, as well as associated pre paid promotion, billing and user interface information, that support user authentication, the Netflix service registration experience, Partner payment processing, and the presentation of Netflix content to you through portions of the Partner user interface."
		5: " determine your general geographic location, provide localized content, provide you with customized and personalized viewing recommendations for movies and TV shows we think will be of interest to you, determine your ISP to support network troubleshooting for you we also use aggregated ISP information for operational and business purposes , and help us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests "
	word 4 "party":
		1: "Quora may allow third parties to serve advertisements on the Service and on third party services and use other third parties to help us collect and analyze information about your use of the service, generate aggregate site usage statistics and provide content sharing services to support the Service.These third parties may also use cookies and similar technologies to collect similar non personal information about your use of the Service.Quora does not control the third parties' use of such technologies and their use is governed by those parties' privacy policies.For more information about third party ad networks that use these technologies, and to opt out of their collection of information, see http //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt out.asp and http //www.aboutads.info/consumers."
		2: "Personally Identifiable Information Quora may share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the purpose of providing the Service to you or with third parties offering combined services with Quora.For example, we may share your personally identifiable information with third party partners that display Quora questions and answers through their services so that such partners can tailor content and advertising to you.If we do this, such third parties' use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy.We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Quora for instance, on servers or databases co located with hosting providers ."
		3: "Quora may allow third party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Service and on third party services.These third party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on Quora.They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.They may also use other technologies such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content.Quora does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third party ad servers or ad networks without your consent.However, please note that if an advertiser asks Quora to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach.The Quora Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third party advertisers.Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers for more information."
		4: "Matched Identifier Communications.Some third party sites and apps allow us to reach our users with online promotions about our titles and services by sending a privacy protective identifier to the third party.A privacy protective identifier means we convert the original information such as an email address or phone number into a value to keep the original information from being revealed.The third party compares the privacy protective identifier to identifiers in its database and there will be a match only if you have used the same identifier such as an email address with Netflix and the third party.If there is a match, Netflix can then choose whether or not to send a given promotional communication to you on that third party site or app, and can optimize and better measure the effectiveness of online advertising.You can opt out in the Marketing Communications section of the Account section of our website."
		5: "We use these types of technologies for various reasons, like making it easy to access our services by remembering you when you return to provide, analyze, understand and enhance the use of our services to enforce our terms, prevent fraud to improve site performance, monitor visitor traffic and actions on our site and to deliver and tailor our marketing or advertising, and to understand interactions with our emails, marketing, and online ads on third party sites."
	word 5 "services":
		1: "Quora may allow third parties to serve advertisements on the Service and on third party services and use other third parties to help us collect and analyze information about your use of the service, generate aggregate site usage statistics and provide content sharing services to support the Service.These third parties may also use cookies and similar technologies to collect similar non personal information about your use of the Service.Quora does not control the third parties' use of such technologies and their use is governed by those parties' privacy policies.For more information about third party ad networks that use these technologies, and to opt out of their collection of information, see http //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt out.asp and http //www.aboutads.info/consumers."
		2: "Personally Identifiable Information Quora may share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the purpose of providing the Service to you or with third parties offering combined services with Quora.For example, we may share your personally identifiable information with third party partners that display Quora questions and answers through their services so that such partners can tailor content and advertising to you.If we do this, such third parties' use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy.We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Quora for instance, on servers or databases co located with hosting providers ."
		3: "Quora may allow third party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Service and on third party services.These third party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on Quora.They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.They may also use other technologies such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content.Quora does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third party ad servers or ad networks without your consent.However, please note that if an advertiser asks Quora to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach.The Quora Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third party advertisers.Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers for more information."
		4: " Information from partners We collect information from other companies with whom you have a relationship Partners .These Partners might include depending on what services you use your TV or internet service provider, or other streaming media device providers who make our service available on their device mobile phone carriers or other companies who provide services to you and collect payment for the Netflix service for distribution to us or provide pre paid promotions for the Netflix service and voice assistant platform providers who enable interaction with our service through voice commands.The information Partners provide us varies depending on the nature of the Partner services, and may include "
		5: " Service Providers We use other companies, agents or contractors "Service Providers" to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with the provision of services to you.For example, we engage Service Providers to provide marketing, advertising, communications, security, infrastructure and IT services, to customize, personalize and optimize our service, to provide bank account or balance information, to process credit card transactions or other payment methods, to provide customer service, to analyze and enhance data including data about users' interactions with our service , and to process and administer consumer surveys.In the course of providing such services, these Service Providers may have access to your personal or other information.We do not authorize them to use or disclose your personal information except in connection with providing their services which includes maintaining and improving their services ."

cluster 1:
	word 1 "Privacy":
		1: "We recognize that your privacy is very important and take it seriously.This Privacy Policy describes Quora's policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the Quora Service, via the Quora website, your mobile phone, or through one of Quora's applications for mobile devices e.g., the Quora iPhone application .We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means including offline or from other sources.Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Terms of Service."
		2: "In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Quora will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law."
		3: "Changes to Our Privacy Policy"
		4: "If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on this page to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page."
		5: "This Privacy Statement explains our practices, including your choices, regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of certain information, including your personal information in connection with the Netflix service."
	word 2 "personal":
		1: "Quora may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request to protect the safety of any person to address fraud, security or technical issues or to protect Quora's rights or property."
		2: "Quora uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information.We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Quora or guarantee that your information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards."
		3: "In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Quora will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law."
		4: "You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through the Service, in which case Quora may not be able to provide certain services to you.You may update or correct your account information and email preferences at any time by logging in to your account."
		5: "Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important.Quora does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register with the Service.If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information."
	word 3 "rights":
		1: "Quora may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request to protect the safety of any person to address fraud, security or technical issues or to protect Quora's rights or property."
		2: " Protection of Netflix and others Netflix and its Service Providers may disclose and otherwise use your personal and other information where we or they reasonably believe such disclosure is needed to a satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, b enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, c detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities including payment fraud , security or technical issues, or d protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Netflix, its users or the public, as required or permitted by law."
		3: " Legal Requirements We may disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to i comply with a legal obligation, ii protect and defend the rights or property of the Company or Related Companies, iii protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or iv protect against legal liability."
		4: "Consumers residing in California are afforded certain additional rights with respect to their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act or CCPA and the Shine the Light Law.If you are a California resident, this section applies to you."
		5: "Exercising Your Consumer Rights If you are a California resident, you have the right to request 1 more information about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the last 12 months, 2 deletion of your personal information, and 3 to opt out of sales of your personal information, if applicable.Details on how to make these requests are in the YOUR DATA RIGHTS AND CHOICES section above.We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA."
	word 4 "privacy":
		1: "We recognize that your privacy is very important and take it seriously.This Privacy Policy describes Quora's policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the Quora Service, via the Quora website, your mobile phone, or through one of Quora's applications for mobile devices e.g., the Quora iPhone application .We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means including offline or from other sources.Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Terms of Service."
		2: "Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important.Quora does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register with the Service.If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information."
		3: "If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on this page to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page."
		4: "If you have general questions about your account or how to contact customer service for assistance, please visit our online help center at help.netflix.com.For questions specifically about this Privacy Statement, or our use of your personal information, cookies or similar technologies, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office by email at privacy@netflix.com."
		5: "We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind."
	word 5 "California":
		1: "Consumers residing in California are afforded certain additional rights with respect to their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act or CCPA and the Shine the Light Law.If you are a California resident, this section applies to you."
		2: "California Consumer Privacy Act"
		3: "Exercising Your Consumer Rights If you are a California resident, you have the right to request 1 more information about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the last 12 months, 2 deletion of your personal information, and 3 to opt out of sales of your personal information, if applicable.Details on how to make these requests are in the YOUR DATA RIGHTS AND CHOICES section above.We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA."
		4: "If youre a California resident, you have a number of rights and choices.To learn more, see the Supplemental Privacy Notice for California Residents below."
		5: "The Notice supplements the information in our privacy policy above for California residents."

cluster 2:
	word 1 "collect":
		1: "Quora uses information we collect to analyze how the Service is used, diagnose service or technical problems, maintain security, personalize content, remember information to help you efficiently access your account, monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns, and track User Content and users as necessary to comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable laws."
		2: "We use these automated technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information we consider to be non personal information, including a information related to the devices you use to access or interact with the Service, such as IP addresses, geolocation information, unique device identifiers and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device s , browser types, browser language and b information related to the ways in which you interact with the Service, such as referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the Service, and other similar information.We may also capture other data, such as search criteria and results."
		3: "Quora discloses a subset of this automatically collected information publicly.Specifically, you consent to Quora's disclosure of information related to the ways in which you interact with the Service, such as landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages including questions and answers viewed , the date and time you used the Service, and other similar information on the Service to other Quora users, along with your name and profile picture.If you do not wish to have this information disclosed to the public, you may opt out of this feature by visiting settings."
		4: "We may collect different types of information about your location, including general information e.g., IP address, zip code and more specific information e.g., GPS based functionality on mobile devices used to access the Service , and may use that information to customize the Service with location based information and features.If you access the Service through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location tracking information, you can disable the GPS or other location tracking functions on your device, provided your device allows you to do this."
		5: " Information you provide to us We collect information you provide to us which includes "
	word 2 "information":
		1: "Quora uses information we collect to analyze how the Service is used, diagnose service or technical problems, maintain security, personalize content, remember information to help you efficiently access your account, monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns, and track User Content and users as necessary to comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable laws."
		2: "User Provided Information You provide us information about yourself, such as your name and e mail address, if you register for a member account with the Service.Your name and other information you choose to add to your profile will be available for public viewing on the Service.You may provide us with your mobile phone number if you choose to submit questions and receive answers via text message.We may use your email address to send you Service related notices including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail .You can control receipt of certain Service related messages on your Settings page.We may also use your contact information to send you marketing email messages.If you do not want to receive such messages, you may opt out by following the instructions in the message.If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our responses."
		3: "You also provide us information in User Content you post to the Service.Your questions, answers, and other contributions on the Service, and metadata about them such as when you posted them , are publicly viewable on the Service, along with your name unless the Service permits you to post anonymously .This information may be searched by search engines and be republished elsewhere on the Web in accordance with our Terms of Service."
		4: "We use these automated technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information we consider to be non personal information, including a information related to the devices you use to access or interact with the Service, such as IP addresses, geolocation information, unique device identifiers and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device s , browser types, browser language and b information related to the ways in which you interact with the Service, such as referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the Service, and other similar information.We may also capture other data, such as search criteria and results."
		5: "Quora discloses a subset of this automatically collected information publicly.Specifically, you consent to Quora's disclosure of information related to the ways in which you interact with the Service, such as landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages including questions and answers viewed , the date and time you used the Service, and other similar information on the Service to other Quora users, along with your name and profile picture.If you do not wish to have this information disclosed to the public, you may opt out of this feature by visiting settings."
	word 3 "We":
		1: "User Provided Information You provide us information about yourself, such as your name and e mail address, if you register for a member account with the Service.Your name and other information you choose to add to your profile will be available for public viewing on the Service.You may provide us with your mobile phone number if you choose to submit questions and receive answers via text message.We may use your email address to send you Service related notices including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail .You can control receipt of certain Service related messages on your Settings page.We may also use your contact information to send you marketing email messages.If you do not want to receive such messages, you may opt out by following the instructions in the message.If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our responses."
		2: "You also provide us information in User Content you post to the Service.Your questions, answers, and other contributions on the Service, and metadata about them such as when you posted them , are publicly viewable on the Service, along with your name unless the Service permits you to post anonymously .This information may be searched by search engines and be republished elsewhere on the Web in accordance with our Terms of Service."
		3: "We use these automated technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information we consider to be non personal information, including a information related to the devices you use to access or interact with the Service, such as IP addresses, geolocation information, unique device identifiers and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device s , browser types, browser language and b information related to the ways in which you interact with the Service, such as referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the Service, and other similar information.We may also capture other data, such as search criteria and results."
		4: "We may collect different types of information about your location, including general information e.g., IP address, zip code and more specific information e.g., GPS based functionality on mobile devices used to access the Service , and may use that information to customize the Service with location based information and features.If you access the Service through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location tracking information, you can disable the GPS or other location tracking functions on your device, provided your device allows you to do this."
		5: "We receive and store information about you such as "
	word 4 "data":
		1: "You also provide us information in User Content you post to the Service.Your questions, answers, and other contributions on the Service, and metadata about them such as when you posted them , are publicly viewable on the Service, along with your name unless the Service permits you to post anonymously .This information may be searched by search engines and be republished elsewhere on the Web in accordance with our Terms of Service."
		2: "We use these automated technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information we consider to be non personal information, including a information related to the devices you use to access or interact with the Service, such as IP addresses, geolocation information, unique device identifiers and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device s , browser types, browser language and b information related to the ways in which you interact with the Service, such as referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the Service, and other similar information.We may also capture other data, such as search criteria and results."
		3: "  online and offline data providers, from which we obtain aggregated demographic, interest based and online advertising related data "
		4: "  publicly available sources such as publicly available posts on social media platforms and information available through public databases associating IP addresses with internet service providers ISPs "
		5: "Information You Provide We collect information from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you register for access to the Services or use certain Services.Information we collect may include but not be limited to username, email address, and any messages, images, transient VOIP data to enable communication delivery only or other content you send via the chat feature."
	word 5 "Privacy":
		1: "Information Shared with and Received from our Corporate Parents We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Automattic, and a member of the Automattic family of companies.Because we are a wholly owned subsidiary, Automattic and the rest of our family of companies may receive any information we do, and may share information they have with us.Our family of companies may use the information they receive from us to help us provide, understand, and improve the Services including by providing us analytics and in connection with their products and services including by providing you with a more personalized experience .For details about how Automattic treats the information it collects, please review this Privacy Policy."
		2: "  Information from Analytics and Advertising Vendors and Advertisers.Where legally permissible, we may obtain information about you or your use of the Services from Analytics and Advertising Vendors See Section 2 and advertisers.We may combine the information you provide us and information we automatically collect with information from public or third party sources.If we combine or associate information from other sources with personal data that we collect through the Services, we will treat the combined information as personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy."
		3: "Bitly automatically collects personal information about the interaction such as clicks or views with every Bitly Link created through the Services either our bit.ly links or one of our branded domains on a third party website.This information includes, but is not limited to i the IP address and location derived from the IP address ii internet or other electronic network activity information like the referring websites or services iii the time and date of each access iv device settings, such as browser type, operating system, and language v cookies, as described below, and mobile advertising identiers and v information about sharing of the Bitly Link on Third Party Services collectively, Bitly Link Metrics .As described in this policy, we use Bitly Link Metrics to provide the Services, to understand and analyze how our Services are used and to identify trends, and to detect, deter and prevent malicious, fraudulent or unlawful activity.Please see the Information We May Share section of this Privacy Policy for a description of how we may share information we collect when you create, view or interact with Bitly Links."
		4: "We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the Microsoft Privacy Report."
		5: " In the preceding twelve months, we have collected Personal Information from you, your devices, our partners, third parties and categories of sources otherwise described in the We collect information in a few different ways section of this Privacy Policy."

cluster 3:
	word 1 "information":
		1: " payment settings including payment card information and gift voucher, gift card and cheque balances "
		2: " If you are an author, you can access your account and other information, and update your account, on the Kindle Direct Publishing KDP or Author Central website, as applicable."
		3: " Supporting internal administrative purposes such as providing network and information security and fraud prevention and ensuring internal quality control and safety "
		4: "Childrens information"
		5: "Select Learn more below for more information about children and Xbox profiles."
	word 2 "data":
		1: " device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data, and any errors or event failures "
		2: "Requests Received We received the following number of data requests between June 20, 2019 and June 20, 2020 "
		3: "6.International data transfers "
		4: "c.to check if you're using BBC iPlayer and to keep the licensing database accurate and up to date"
		5: "If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter, Inc.with an address of "
	word 3 "personal":
		1: "At the same time, no service can be completely secure if you have any concerns that your BBC account or personal information has been put at risk, for example if someone could have found out your password, please get in touch straight away."
		2: "If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter, Inc.with an address of "
		3: "When Booking.com Distribution B.V.acts as an intermediary for insurance products and services via Booking.com, the two companies are jointly responsible for the collection of Insurance Specific Data and its transmission from Booking.com to Booking.com Distribution B.V.However, Booking.com Distribution B.V.acts as the sole controller for any processing outside of the Booking.com B.V.systems.Any personal data collected by Booking.com for insurance purposes will be processed as set out in this Privacy Statement."
	word 4 "We":
		1: "Requests Received We received the following number of data requests between June 20, 2019 and June 20, 2020 "
		2: " The Weather Company, an IBM business"
		3: "  Web"
		4: " We are also TAG Brand Safety Certified here."
		5: " Canada eBay Canada Limited, 240 Richmond Street West, 2nd Floor Suite 02 100 Toronto, Ontario, M5V 1V6, Canada"
	word 5 "Privacy":
		1: "When Booking.com Distribution B.V.acts as an intermediary for insurance products and services via Booking.com, the two companies are jointly responsible for the collection of Insurance Specific Data and its transmission from Booking.com to Booking.com Distribution B.V.However, Booking.com Distribution B.V.acts as the sole controller for any processing outside of the Booking.com B.V.systems.Any personal data collected by Booking.com for insurance purposes will be processed as set out in this Privacy Statement."

cluster 4:
	word 1 "information":
		1: "The data controller of your personal information is Netflix Services UK Limited.Please note that if you contact us to assist you, for your safety and ours we may need to authenticate your identity before fulfilling your request."
		2: " Removing device access to your Netflix account To remove access to your Netflix account from your devices, visit the "Account" section of our website, choose "Sign out of all devices," and follow the instructions to deactivate your devices note, deactivation may not occur immediately .Where possible, users of public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit.If you sell or return a computer or Netflix ready device, you should log out and deactivate the device before doing so.If you do not maintain the security of your password or device, or fail to log out or deactivate your device, subsequent users may be able to access your account, including your personal information."
		3: "For other requests, or if you have a question regarding our privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office at privacy@netflix.com.For more information about how to access your information, including our verification process, please reference this help article help.netflix.com/node/100624.For information about deletion, removal and retention of information, please reference this help article help.netflix.com/node/100625.We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.Please also see the "Your Choices" section of this Privacy Statement for additional choices regarding your information."
		4: "If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal information under Privacy Shield, or about our privacy practices generally, please contact us at privacyshield@amazon.com.We will respond to your inquiry promptly.If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.based third party dispute resolution provider free of charge at https //feedback form.truste.com/watchdog/request.If neither Amazon nor our provider resolves your complaint, you may pursue binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Panel.To learn more about the Privacy Shield Panel, see here."
		5: "Discord complies with the EU U.S.Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss  U.S.Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S.Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively.Discord has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https //www.privacyshield.gov/."
	word 2 "complaint":
		1: "If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal information under Privacy Shield, or about our privacy practices generally, please contact us at privacyshield@amazon.com.We will respond to your inquiry promptly.If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.based third party dispute resolution provider free of charge at https //feedback form.truste.com/watchdog/request.If neither Amazon nor our provider resolves your complaint, you may pursue binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Panel.To learn more about the Privacy Shield Panel, see here."
		2: "If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon Europe or want to contact one of our data controllers, please Customer Service with a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you.Further, the data protection officer for the above mentioned data controllers can be contacted at eu privacy@amazon.co.uk.You can file a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Donnes in Luxembourg, the Information Commissioner's Office, or with another local authority."
		3: "The rights and options described above are subject to limitations and exceptions under applicable law.In addition to those rights, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority.However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern."
		4: "Discord is potentially liable for onward transfers to third parties of personal data of EU or Swiss individuals received pursuant to Privacy Shield.Discord is subject to oversight by the U.S.FTC.JAMS is the US based alternative dispute resolution provider responsible for reviewing and resolving complaints about Discords Privacy Shield compliance.We ask that you first submit any complaints to us at privacy@discord.com.If you aren't satisfied with our response, you can then contact JAMS at https //www.jamsadr.com/eu us privacy shield.In the event your concern still isn't addressed by JAMS, you may be entitled to a binding arbitration under Privacy Shield and its principles."
		5: "In the EEA or the UK you may make a complaint to a supervisory authority for data protection matters for example, the Polish President of the PDPO in Poland or the Information Commissioners Office in the UK or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached."
	word 3 "personal":
		1: "The data controller of your personal information is Netflix Services UK Limited.Please note that if you contact us to assist you, for your safety and ours we may need to authenticate your identity before fulfilling your request."
		2: " Removing device access to your Netflix account To remove access to your Netflix account from your devices, visit the "Account" section of our website, choose "Sign out of all devices," and follow the instructions to deactivate your devices note, deactivation may not occur immediately .Where possible, users of public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit.If you sell or return a computer or Netflix ready device, you should log out and deactivate the device before doing so.If you do not maintain the security of your password or device, or fail to log out or deactivate your device, subsequent users may be able to access your account, including your personal information."
		3: "If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal information under Privacy Shield, or about our privacy practices generally, please contact us at privacyshield@amazon.com.We will respond to your inquiry promptly.If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.based third party dispute resolution provider free of charge at https //feedback form.truste.com/watchdog/request.If neither Amazon nor our provider resolves your complaint, you may pursue binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Panel.To learn more about the Privacy Shield Panel, see here."
		4: "Discord complies with the EU U.S.Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss  U.S.Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S.Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively.Discord has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https //www.privacyshield.gov/."
		5: "Discord is potentially liable for onward transfers to third parties of personal data of EU or Swiss individuals received pursuant to Privacy Shield.Discord is subject to oversight by the U.S.FTC.JAMS is the US based alternative dispute resolution provider responsible for reviewing and resolving complaints about Discords Privacy Shield compliance.We ask that you first submit any complaints to us at privacy@discord.com.If you aren't satisfied with our response, you can then contact JAMS at https //www.jamsadr.com/eu us privacy shield.In the event your concern still isn't addressed by JAMS, you may be entitled to a binding arbitration under Privacy Shield and its principles."
	word 4 "collect":
		1: "Discord complies with the EU U.S.Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss  U.S.Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S.Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively.Discord has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https //www.privacyshield.gov/."
		2: "Some browsers transmit Do Not Track DNT signals to websites.Because there is no common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Outbrain does not currently alter, change, or respond to DNT requests or signals from these browsers.We will continue to monitor industry activity in this area and reassess our DNT practices as necessary.In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving personalized recommendations in the Users section."
		3: "As set forth in our Terms of Use, the Fox News Services are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age."
		4: "Use by Children under age 18.AccuWeather Sites are not directed to children and AccuWeather does not intend to collect any PII from children.Please do not allow children under age 18 to use AccuWeather Sites, provide any PII to AccuWeather, or ask questions or participate in chat rooms on AccuWeather Sites.If We are notified with verifiable information that a child under age 18 has provided PII to Us, We will delete that information as soon as reasonably possible.If You become aware that a child under age 18 has provided such information, please send Us a detailed email with all identifiable information at customerservice@accuweather.com so We may delete this information.We have no way to control the use of an access device that You allow a child under age 18 to use, and therefore the device may be sending Us information about the device's location and other factors.PLEASE EXERCISE CONTROL OF YOUR DEVICES TO PREVENT MINORS FROM GETTING INTO A SITUATION WHERE THEIR LOCATION MAY BE DISCLOSED TO US, OUR PROVIDERS, OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES."
		5: "WordPress.org shall maintain WordCamp attendee data for three years to better track and foster community growth, and then automatically delete non essential data collected via registration.Attendee names and email addresses will be retained indefinitely, to preserve our ability to respond to code of conduct reports."
	word 5 "data":
		1: "The data controller of your personal information is Netflix Services UK Limited.Please note that if you contact us to assist you, for your safety and ours we may need to authenticate your identity before fulfilling your request."
		2: "For other requests, or if you have a question regarding our privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office at privacy@netflix.com.For more information about how to access your information, including our verification process, please reference this help article help.netflix.com/node/100624.For information about deletion, removal and retention of information, please reference this help article help.netflix.com/node/100625.We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.Please also see the "Your Choices" section of this Privacy Statement for additional choices regarding your information."
		3: "If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal information under Privacy Shield, or about our privacy practices generally, please contact us at privacyshield@amazon.com.We will respond to your inquiry promptly.If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.based third party dispute resolution provider free of charge at https //feedback form.truste.com/watchdog/request.If neither Amazon nor our provider resolves your complaint, you may pursue binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Panel.To learn more about the Privacy Shield Panel, see here."
		4: "If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon Europe or want to contact one of our data controllers, please Customer Service with a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you.Further, the data protection officer for the above mentioned data controllers can be contacted at eu privacy@amazon.co.uk.You can file a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Donnes in Luxembourg, the Information Commissioner's Office, or with another local authority."
		5: "Discord is potentially liable for onward transfers to third parties of personal data of EU or Swiss individuals received pursuant to Privacy Shield.Discord is subject to oversight by the U.S.FTC.JAMS is the US based alternative dispute resolution provider responsible for reviewing and resolving complaints about Discords Privacy Shield compliance.We ask that you first submit any complaints to us at privacy@discord.com.If you aren't satisfied with our response, you can then contact JAMS at https //www.jamsadr.com/eu us privacy shield.In the event your concern still isn't addressed by JAMS, you may be entitled to a binding arbitration under Privacy Shield and its principles."

cluster 5:
	word 1 "personal":
		1: " Comply with legal obligations.In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws.For instance, we collect from sellers information regarding place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes."
		2: " Fraud prevention and credit risks.We process personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, Amazon Europe, and others.We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks."
		3: " We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using encryption protocols and software."
		4: " We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personal customer information.Our security procedures mean that we may ask you to verify your identity before we disclose personal information to you."
		5: "We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of Amazon Services, for as long as it is required in order to fulfil the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law such as for tax and accounting purposes, or as otherwise communicated to you.For example, we retain your transaction history so that you can review past purchases and repeat orders if desired and what addresses you have shipped orders to, and to improve the relevancy of products and content we recommend."
	word 2 "data":
		1: " To honor our contractual commitments to you Much of our processing of personal data is to meet our contractual obligations to our users, or to take steps at users request in anticipation of entering into a contract with them.For example, we handle personal data on this basis to create your account and provide our Services."
		2: "  Legitimate interests In many cases, we handle personal data on the ground that it furthers our legitimate interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals This includes "
		3: "  Legal compliance We need to use and disclose personal data in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations."
		4: "  To protect the vital interests of the individual or others For example, we may collect or share personal data to help resolve an urgent medical situation."
		5: "We generally retain personal data for so long as it may be relevant to the purposes identified herein.To dispose of personal data, we may anonymize it, delete it or take other appropriate steps.Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time."
	word 3 "Personal":
		1: " Controllers of Personal Information."
		2: " How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?"
		3: "1.Controllers of Personal Information"
		4: "11.How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?"
		5: "Personal information we collect"
	word 4 "legal":
		1: " Comply with legal obligations.In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws.For instance, we collect from sellers information regarding place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes."
		2: " Compliance with a legal obligation when we use your personal information to comply with laws.For instance, we collect seller place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification purposes."
		3: "  Legal compliance We need to use and disclose personal data in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations."
		4: "Individuals in California, the European Economic Area, Canada, Costa Rica and some other jurisdictions outside the United States have certain legal rights to obtain confirmation of whether we hold personal data about them, to access personal data we hold about them including, in some cases, in portable form , and to obtain its correction, update, amendment or deletion in appropriate circumstances.They may also object to our uses or disclosures of personal data, to request a restriction on its processing, or withdraw any consent, though such actions typically will not have retroactive effect.They also will not affect our ability to continue processing data in lawful ways."
		5: "Disclosures to Protect Us or Others.We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store in association with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to i comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena ii protect your, our, or others rights, property, or safety iii enforce our policies or contracts iv collect amounts owed to us or v assist with an investigation and prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity."
	word 5 "Data":
		1: "We generally retain personal data for so long as it may be relevant to the purposes identified herein.To dispose of personal data, we may anonymize it, delete it or take other appropriate steps.Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time."
		2: "Access personal information about you consistent with legal requirements.Please utilize the form found here when making this request Download Your Data."
		3: "Know about your personal information we have collected, disclosed, or sold in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity.In addition, you may have the right in some cases to receive or have your electronic personal information transferred to another party.Please utilize the form found here when making this request Download Your Data."
		4: " How and Why We Collect and Use Personal Data and Other Information"
		5: " Data Rights"

cluster 6:
	word 1 "opt":
		1: "Social plugins and social applications are operated by the social networks themselves, and are subject to their terms of use and privacy policies.Similarly, some of the Netflix game features mentioned above such as multiplayer gameplay, leaderboards, and game saving options may require use of a third party service, which is subject to that services terms of use and privacy policy."
		2: "To opt out of interest based ads from Netflix in connection with a resettable device identifier on a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media devices, please configure the appropriate setting on your device usually found under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's settings .You may still see Netflix ads on your device, but they will not be tailored to your likely interests."
		3: " You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data processing by updating your settings on the applicable Amazon website e.g., in "Manage Your Content and Devices" , device, or application.For more information click here.Most non Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions e.g., disable/access location services, contacts .For most devices, these controls are located in the device's settings menu.If you have questions about how to change your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer as different devices may have different permission settings."
		4: "If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising that is delivered by third parties outside of the Discord Service, you may be able to exercise that choice through opt out programs that are administered by third parties, including the Network Advertising Initiative NAI , the Digital Advertising Alliance DAA .Our Services currently do not respond to Do Not Track DNT signals and operate as described in this Privacy Policy whether or not a DNT signal is received, as there is no consistent industry standard for compliance."
		5: "You can update certain information by accessing your profile via Settings. You can also unsubscribe from certain emails by clicking the unsubscribe link they contain.You can opt out from certain cookie related processing by following the instructions above in Other Information."
	word 2 "privacy":
		1: "Social plugins and social applications are operated by the social networks themselves, and are subject to their terms of use and privacy policies.Similarly, some of the Netflix game features mentioned above such as multiplayer gameplay, leaderboards, and game saving options may require use of a third party service, which is subject to that services terms of use and privacy policy."
		2: " Profiles Profiles allow users to have a distinct, personalized Netflix experience, built around the movies and shows of interest to them, as well as separate watch histories.Please note that profiles are available to everyone who uses your Netflix account, so that anyone with access to your Netflix account can navigate to and use, edit or delete profiles.You should explain this to others with access to your account, and if you do not wish them to use or change your profile, be sure to let them know.Profile users may be offered the opportunity to add an email address, phone number or other information to the profile and will be provided with notice of collection and use at the time such information is requested the Profile Privacy Notice applies help.netflix.com/legal/profileprivacy .We have various parental controls available, you can learn more by reading our Help article located at https //help.netflix.com/node/264."
		3: "To opt out of interest based ads from Netflix in connection with a resettable device identifier on a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media devices, please configure the appropriate setting on your device usually found under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's settings .You may still see Netflix ads on your device, but they will not be tailored to your likely interests."
		4: "Netflix supports the following self regulatory programs, which provide additional privacy choices for interest based advertising "
		5: "This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services.The Services may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by us the Third Party Sites .The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites.The links from the Services do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed the Third Party Sites.We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies."
	word 3 "cookies":
		1: " Essential cookies These cookies are strictly necessary to provide our website or online service.For example, we and our Service Providers may use these cookies to authenticate and identify our members when they use our websites and applications so we can provide our service to them.They also help us to enforce our Terms of Use, prevent fraud and maintain the security of our service."
		2: "To exercise choice regarding cookies"
		3: "For more information about cookies set through our website, as well as other types of online tracking including the collection of information by third parties about your online activities over time and across third party websites or online services for online interest based advertising , and to exercise choices regarding them, click here.At this time, we do not respond to web browser "do not track" signals."
		4: " The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether.Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some essential features of Amazon Services, we recommend that you leave them turned on.For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to Checkout, or use any Amazon Services that require you to Sign in.For more information about cookies, see our Cookies Notice."
		5: " You can consent to or withdraw consent from third party advertising cookies here."
	word 4 "settings":
		1: "Push Notifications.You can choose to receive mobile push notifications from Netflix.On some device operating systems, you will be automatically enrolled in the notifications.If you subsequently decide you no longer wish to receive these notifications, you can use your mobile device's settings functionality to turn them off.We also offer push notifications on certain web browsers.If you agree to receive those notifications and subsequently decide you no longer wish to receive these notifications, you can use your browsers settings to turn them off."
		2: "WhatsApp.If you have enabled WhatsApp messages in connection with your Netflix account or profile and no longer wish to receive them, you can use your WhatsApp app settings to block them."
		3: "To opt out of interest based ads from Netflix in connection with a resettable device identifier on a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media devices, please configure the appropriate setting on your device usually found under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's settings .You may still see Netflix ads on your device, but they will not be tailored to your likely interests."
		4: " If you don't want to receive e mail or other communications from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences.If you don't want to receive in app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device."
		5: " You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data processing by updating your settings on the applicable Amazon website e.g., in "Manage Your Content and Devices" , device, or application.For more information click here.Most non Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions e.g., disable/access location services, contacts .For most devices, these controls are located in the device's settings menu.If you have questions about how to change your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer as different devices may have different permission settings."
	word 5 "browser":
		1: "Push Notifications.You can choose to receive mobile push notifications from Netflix.On some device operating systems, you will be automatically enrolled in the notifications.If you subsequently decide you no longer wish to receive these notifications, you can use your mobile device's settings functionality to turn them off.We also offer push notifications on certain web browsers.If you agree to receive those notifications and subsequently decide you no longer wish to receive these notifications, you can use your browsers settings to turn them off."
		2: "For more information about cookies set through our website, as well as other types of online tracking including the collection of information by third parties about your online activities over time and across third party websites or online services for online interest based advertising , and to exercise choices regarding them, click here.At this time, we do not respond to web browser "do not track" signals."
		3: " The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether.Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some essential features of Amazon Services, we recommend that you leave them turned on.For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to Checkout, or use any Amazon Services that require you to Sign in.For more information about cookies, see our Cookies Notice."
		4: " If you want to browse our websites without linking browsing activity to your account, you may do so by logging out of your account here and disabling cookies on your browser."
		5: " We may use third party web site analytic tools such as Google Analytics on our website that employ cookies to collect certain information concerning your use of our Services.However, you can disable cookies by changing your browser settings.Further information about the procedure to follow in order to disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider's website via your help screen."

cluster 7:
	word 1 "personal":
		1: "Non Personally Identifiable Information We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected through the Service so that the information does not identify you.We may use aggregated, anonymized, and other non personally identifiable information for any purpose, including for research and marketing purposes, and our use and disclosure of such information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy."
		2: "California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personally identifiable information if any for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the types of personally identifiable information disclosed to those parties.If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in an email to privacy@quora.com."
		3: "Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect and use it.We will normally collect personal information from you where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you for example, to provide our services to you , where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms for example, our direct marketing activities in accordance with your preferences , or where we have your consent to do so for example, for you to participate in certain consumer insights activities like specific surveys and focus groups .In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person for example, to prevent payment fraud or confirm your identity .For questions about our use of your personal information including legal bases and transfer mechanisms we rely on , cookies or similar technologies, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office by email at privacy@netflix.com.Please visit our online help center at help.netflix.com for more information about these topics."
		4: "We know that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly.This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and process your personal information through Amazon websites, devices, products, services, online and physical stores, and applications that reference this Privacy Notice together "Amazon Services" ."
		5: " Protection of Amazon Europe and others We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements or protect the rights, property or safety of Amazon Europe, our users or others.This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction."
	word 2 "information":
		1: "We may share or disclose your information with your consent, such as if you choose to sign on to the Service through a third party service.We cannot control third parties' use of your information."
		2: "Non Personally Identifiable Information We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected through the Service so that the information does not identify you.We may use aggregated, anonymized, and other non personally identifiable information for any purpose, including for research and marketing purposes, and our use and disclosure of such information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy."
		3: "California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personally identifiable information if any for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the types of personally identifiable information disclosed to those parties.If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in an email to privacy@quora.com."
		4: " Information from other sources We also obtain information from other sources.We protect this information according to the practices described in this Privacy Statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data.These sources vary over time, but could include "
		5: "Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect and use it.We will normally collect personal information from you where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you for example, to provide our services to you , where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms for example, our direct marketing activities in accordance with your preferences , or where we have your consent to do so for example, for you to participate in certain consumer insights activities like specific surveys and focus groups .In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person for example, to prevent payment fraud or confirm your identity .For questions about our use of your personal information including legal bases and transfer mechanisms we rely on , cookies or similar technologies, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office by email at privacy@netflix.com.Please visit our online help center at help.netflix.com for more information about these topics."
	word 3 "share":
		1: "We may share or disclose your information with your consent, such as if you choose to sign on to the Service through a third party service.We cannot control third parties' use of your information."
		2: " The Netflix family of companies We share your information among the Netflix family of companies help.netflix.com/legal/corpinfo as needed for providing you with access to our services providing customer support making decisions about service improvements content development and for other purposes described in the Use of Information section of this Privacy Statement."
		3: " Promotional offers We may offer joint promotions or programs that, in order for your participation, will require us to share your information with third parties.In fulfilling these types of promotions, we may share your name and other information in connection with fulfilling the incentive.Please note that these third parties are responsible for their own privacy practices."
		4: "We know that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly.This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and process your personal information through Amazon websites, devices, products, services, online and physical stores, and applications that reference this Privacy Notice together "Amazon Services" ."
		5: "The Company is not in the business of selling your information.We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you.There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your information with certain third parties, as set forth below "
	word 4 "data":
		1: " Information from other sources We also obtain information from other sources.We protect this information according to the practices described in this Privacy Statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data.These sources vary over time, but could include "
		2: "Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect and use it.We will normally collect personal information from you where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you for example, to provide our services to you , where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms for example, our direct marketing activities in accordance with your preferences , or where we have your consent to do so for example, for you to participate in certain consumer insights activities like specific surveys and focus groups .In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person for example, to prevent payment fraud or confirm your identity .For questions about our use of your personal information including legal bases and transfer mechanisms we rely on , cookies or similar technologies, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office by email at privacy@netflix.com.Please visit our online help center at help.netflix.com for more information about these topics."
		3: " Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorised access and loss of data.You can control these features and configure them based on your needs.Click here for more information on how to manage the security settings of your device."
		4: "The EU GDPR and UK data protection laws require a legal basis for our use of personal information.Our basis varies depending on the specific purpose for which we use personal information.We use "
		5: " Cookies We employ cookies and similar technologies to keep track of your local computers settings such as which account you have logged into and notification settings.Cookies are pieces of data that sites and services can set on your browser or device that can be read on future visits.We may expand our use of cookies to save additional data as new features are added to the Service.In addition, we use technologies such as web beacons and single pixel gifs to record log data such as open rates for emails sent by the system."
	word 5 "Personal":
		1: "Non Personally Identifiable Information We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected through the Service so that the information does not identify you.We may use aggregated, anonymized, and other non personally identifiable information for any purpose, including for research and marketing purposes, and our use and disclosure of such information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy."
		2: "Disclosure of Personal Information We may share your personal information with third parties as described in the OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION section above.We disclose the categories of personal information mentioned above for business or commercial purposes."
		3: "Information Disclosed Pursuant to Business Transfers In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell business assets.In these transactions, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets.Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy."
		4: " Please note that following a deletion request, we will resume collecting Personal Information if you continue your use of the Services, and your Personal Information will also enable us to personalize the Services you visit."
		5: "  In the past twelve months, we have sold the following categories of Personal Information as defined by the CCPA to our Advertising Vendors "

cluster 8:
	word 1 "information":
		1: "If you choose to use our invitation service to invite a friend to the Service, we will ask you for that person's email address and automatically send an email invitation.You may also use our contact importer tool to help you upload your friends' email addresses so you can find friends who are already on Quora or invite friends to the Service.Quora stores this information to send invitations, to register your friend if your invitation is accepted, to track the success of our invitation service, and to identify your friends on Quora."
		2: " coordinate with Partners on making the Netflix service available to members and providing information to non members about the availability of the Netflix service, based on the specific relationship you have with the Partner "
		3: "Our recommendations system strives to predict what you will be in the mood to watch when you log in.However, our recommendations system does not infer or attach socio demographic information like gender or race to you.We have a Help article that explains how our recommendations system works spoilers the biggest driver of recommendations is what you actually choose to watch through our service.You can read the article at www.netflix.com/recommendations."
		4: "The Netflix service may be provided through and/or utilize features such as voice controls operated by third party platforms, or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours.For example, you may be able to access the Netflix service through platforms such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, set top boxes and a number of other Internet connected devices.These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy or data policies, privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully.In addition, you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Netflix service."
		5: " Provide voice, image and camera services.When you use our voice, image and camera services, we process your voice input, images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and improve our Amazon services.For more information about Alexa voice services click here."
	word 2 "personal":
		1: "  so that content and features available in the Netflix service can be suggested to you in the Partners user interface.For members, these suggestions are part of the Netflix service and may include customized and personalized viewing recommendations."
		2: " Provide voice, image and camera services.When you use our voice, image and camera services, we process your voice input, images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and improve our Amazon services.For more information about Alexa voice services click here."
		3: "Discord, Inc.provides a social online and mobile chat platform via the Discord website the Site , the Discord application the App and related Internet services collectively, the Service s  .The Service is operated by Discord, Inc.the Company, we or us for users of the Service you .This Privacy Policy sets forth our policy with respect to information that is collected from visitors to the Site and users of the App and/or the Services.Under applicable law, Discord, Inc.is the data controller of personal data collected through the Services."
		4: "  Special Note about Content Submissions.The Services may from time to time offer areas where you and other users can post or otherwise submit information, photos, videos, graphics, creative suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts, information, ratings or other materials on or to the Services collectively, "Submissions" .Any geolocation information, tags, or other metadata in Submissions may become publicly available.Any information, including personal data, in your Submissions can be read, collected, or used by others.We cannot control and are not responsible for how others may use the information contained in your Submissions "
		5: "Users You are a User when you visit a page of a website or application of one of Outbrains partners where the Outbrain widget is installed or our recommendations are placed Partner Sites .For example, if you visit https //news.sky.com/uk, www.spiegel.de or www.cnn.com, the Outbrain widget is implemented on those websites.You know you are engaging with an Outbrain widget when you see text referencing Outbrain e.g., Recommended by Outbrain, by Outbrain near recommendations If you click on the hyperlinked reference to Outbrain you will see a detailed notice that enables you to navigate to Outbrains Interest Portal and this Privacy Policy where you can opt out of personalized recommendations.In some instances, a partner may have white label Outbrains service for their own offering.In such an event, such partners must disclose their use of Outbrain in their privacy policies."
	word 3 "data":
		1: "The Netflix service may be provided through and/or utilize features such as voice controls operated by third party platforms, or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours.For example, you may be able to access the Netflix service through platforms such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, set top boxes and a number of other Internet connected devices.These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy or data policies, privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully.In addition, you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Netflix service."
		2: "Discord, Inc.provides a social online and mobile chat platform via the Discord website the Site , the Discord application the App and related Internet services collectively, the Service s  .The Service is operated by Discord, Inc.the Company, we or us for users of the Service you .This Privacy Policy sets forth our policy with respect to information that is collected from visitors to the Site and users of the App and/or the Services.Under applicable law, Discord, Inc.is the data controller of personal data collected through the Services."
		3: "Tumblr may determine your location by using drone technology and live video feeds.Ha ha, no, we just check out your IP address or any location data you attach to a post.Normal stuff."
		4: "  Special Note about Content Submissions.The Services may from time to time offer areas where you and other users can post or otherwise submit information, photos, videos, graphics, creative suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts, information, ratings or other materials on or to the Services collectively, "Submissions" .Any geolocation information, tags, or other metadata in Submissions may become publicly available.Any information, including personal data, in your Submissions can be read, collected, or used by others.We cannot control and are not responsible for how others may use the information contained in your Submissions "
		5: "  Alerts and Notifications.Certain Services offer you the ability to receive push notifications for weather related or product updates, news stories, and special offers.To provide these Services, we may need to collect your device information and/or mobile carrier information, in addition to the postcode or geographic area to which the alert, update, or notification pertains.Where available with our Services, Hands Free Audio Alerts allow you to receive voice alerts for weather related updates while you likely are driving.In order to provide you with hands free alerts, we will need to collect your device's motion data solely to detect when you likely are in a moving vehicle.You can choose to stop sharing your device's motion data at any time, but hands free alerts are only available when your device's motion data is being shared."
	word 4 "Privacy":
		1: " communicate with you concerning our service so that we can send you news about Netflix, details about new features and content available on Netflix, special offers, promotional announcements, consumer surveys, and to assist you with operational requests such as password reset requests.These communications may be by various methods, such as email, push notifications, text message, online messaging channels, and matched identifier communications described below .Please see the "Your Choices" section of this Privacy Statement to learn how to set or change your communications preferences."
		2: "Discord, Inc.provides a social online and mobile chat platform via the Discord website the Site , the Discord application the App and related Internet services collectively, the Service s  .The Service is operated by Discord, Inc.the Company, we or us for users of the Service you .This Privacy Policy sets forth our policy with respect to information that is collected from visitors to the Site and users of the App and/or the Services.Under applicable law, Discord, Inc.is the data controller of personal data collected through the Services."
		3: "Users You are a User when you visit a page of a website or application of one of Outbrains partners where the Outbrain widget is installed or our recommendations are placed Partner Sites .For example, if you visit https //news.sky.com/uk, www.spiegel.de or www.cnn.com, the Outbrain widget is implemented on those websites.You know you are engaging with an Outbrain widget when you see text referencing Outbrain e.g., Recommended by Outbrain, by Outbrain near recommendations If you click on the hyperlinked reference to Outbrain you will see a detailed notice that enables you to navigate to Outbrains Interest Portal and this Privacy Policy where you can opt out of personalized recommendations.In some instances, a partner may have white label Outbrains service for their own offering.In such an event, such partners must disclose their use of Outbrain in their privacy policies."
		4: " SitemapContact MicrosoftPrivacy Terms of useTrademarksSafety & ecoAbout our ads Microsoft 2022"
		5: " GoogleAbout GooglePrivacyTerms"
	word 5 "We":
		1: "Our recommendations system strives to predict what you will be in the mood to watch when you log in.However, our recommendations system does not infer or attach socio demographic information like gender or race to you.We have a Help article that explains how our recommendations system works spoilers the biggest driver of recommendations is what you actually choose to watch through our service.You can read the article at www.netflix.com/recommendations."
		2: "Other Websites, Platforms and Applications"
		3: " shopping lists and gift registries including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries "
		4: "Job Applications.We may post job openings and opportunities on the Services.If you reply to one of these postings by submitting your application, CV and/or cover letter to us, we will collect and process the information contained therein to assess your suitability, aptitude, skills, and qualifications for employment."
		5: "Every day, millions of people around the world communicate securely with businesses of all sizes on WhatsApp.We want to make this easier and better if you choose to message with businesses.We will always be clear within WhatsApp when you are communicating with any business that uses these features."

cluster 9:
	word 1 "Information":
		1: "Information Collection and Use"
		2: "How We Share Your Information"
		3: " Collection of Information"
		4: "Use of Information"
		5: "Disclosure of Information"
	word 2 "Privacy":
		1: "Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy"
		2: "Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland.Apple's international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by Standard Contractual Clauses.Apples international transfer of personal data collected in participating Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation APEC countries abides by the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules CBPR System and Privacy Recognition for Processors PRP System for the transfer of personal data.If you have questions or unresolved concerns about our APEC CBPR or PRP certifications, contact our third party dispute resolution provider."
	word 3 "personal":
		1: "Amazon Europe Core SARL, Amazon EU SARL, Amazon Services Europe SARL and Amazon Media EU SARL, all four at 38 avenue John F.Kennedy, L 1855, Luxembourg and Amazon Digital UK Limited of 1 Principal Place, Worship Street, London, EC2A 2FA, UK together "Amazon Europe" are data controllers of personal information collected and processed through Amazon Services.Details can be found here."
		2: "  Other personal information described in Cal.Civ.Code Section 1798.80 e , such as credit card information."
		3: "4.What types of personal information does the BBC collect about me?"
		4: "5.How long will the BBC keep my personal information?"
		5: "6.How can the BBC use my personal information?"
	word 4 "Services":
		1: "Amazon Europe Core SARL, Amazon EU SARL, Amazon Services Europe SARL and Amazon Media EU SARL, all four at 38 avenue John F.Kennedy, L 1855, Luxembourg and Amazon Digital UK Limited of 1 Principal Place, Worship Street, London, EC2A 2FA, UK together "Amazon Europe" are data controllers of personal information collected and processed through Amazon Services.Details can be found here."
		2: "Provide the Services or Requested Information, such as "
		3: " Processing your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services purchased "
		4: " Recording who is accessing and making changes to different parts of our Services and carrying out audits "
		5: "We are a company established under the laws of Ireland and located in 5 7 Point Square, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland.Yahoo EMEA Limited acts as data controller of the personal data we collect when you use our Products and Services."
	word 5 "provide":
		1: "  payment service providers who provide us with payment or balance information, or updates to that information, based on their relationship with you "
		2: " If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided in the Author Portal and Author Central by accessing your accounts in the Author Portal and Author Central, respectively."
		3: "You provide information to us when you "
		4: "Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute Cal.Civ.Code  1798.80 e 	Name, address, telephone number, education, employment, employment history, or other information you provide when applying for employment at Fandom.	Service providers."
		5: "  Information provided by you "

